but state party chairman james gray of albany said no , and he didn't mince any words .
`` oh .
substances :
they say all personnel have spiritual needs which guideposts helps to meet .
`` that important '' .
`` to get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments dr. schillinger of the lincoln institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps .
drs. howry and holmes at the university of colorado medical school have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results .
no matter how hot the day , they are dressed properly and not in shorts .
what can a mother do then to prevent misbehavior ? ?
yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles .
but grow in grace and knowledge of our lord and savior , jesus christ .
after all , feelings of immortality and invulnerability are standard illusions of youth .
contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago , when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit , recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in hereditary predisposition .
prevention of bacterial pneumonia , shipping fever , as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections ( infectious rhinotracheitis -- shipping fever complex ) .
it was a grotesque hen , five or six feet tall .
the only important differences from that standpoint , between the two constitutions , lies in their preambles .
in earlier centuries men had had enough to do in rebuilding a fundamental sense of order after chaos .
clearly , the transformation is involutorial .
and yet the elements which capture his liberal and humanistic imagination are those which make the english story worth telling and worth remembering .
this reduces the number of expensive plant shutdowns and startups .
the great black leopards .
the role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening , but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster .
there are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the swedes in adversity .
we do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty , but we add to their burden , while expecting them to bestow saintliness upon us in return for ostentatious church attendance and a few bucks a week , american cash .
a voice called , and what made it even more terrible and unreal was that the redcoat ranks never paused for an instant , only some of them glancing toward the stone wall , from behind which the voice came .
to the tens of thousands who must transfer to ride to seventy-fourth street and change for the ind , this takes a daily toll of time and temper .
the totals for these five categories are not too uneven , namely 20 , 15 , 11 , 16 , 9 respectively .
though far from completion , these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned , their investors , their customers , their users , and to the public at large .
the playing takes both sides of the disc .
but if we closed the store for a vacation , we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block .
the skopas people seemed to him of that breed of human beings whose insularity frees them from tragedy .
c'mon -- 'mon ! !
the arrangement i had with him was to work four hours a day .
pauling looked at his notes .
the rust inhibitors in the fluid are used up after one year , and you don't want to risk the rust that two years' use could mean .
he felt a little sick at his stomach .
this light did not penetrate very far back into the hall , and my eyes were hindered rather than aided by the dim daylight entering through the fan vents when i tried to pick out whatever might be lying , or squatting , on the floor below .
its the start of a direct threat to our own security and i don't believe we can permit that '' .
he is confronted with the recurrent crises , such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage , incurable disease , widowhood , old age , the certainty of death .
it should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person .
it is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in rhode island .
in temperature resistance , this quality is usually related to specific properties , e.g. , flexural , tensile strengths , etc. .
such needs may rise to pathological proportions .
`` for six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' .
before it was sprawled the mangled corpse of the bearded stranger .
but the royal motel in shamrock was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar .
as early as 1913 ghoreyeb and karsner demonstrated with perfusion studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure .
)
yet , if the argument is turned awry , there may be found a great deal in bryan's view , after all .
the riverside physician came down to look over the injured ballplayer .
the genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : what factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of jews ? ?
he affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point .
cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces .
`` i am not prepared to grant bail to any of them '' , said the magistrate , k.j.p. baraclough .
it wasn't cold enough in the tunnel to preserve the body intact .
in november 1887 a line connecting several dwelling houses in dorset was extended to manchester depot .
most of the teen-agers i interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds .
then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in back to methuselah -- , -- `` g.b.s. ought to have known that '' , -- and `` i look at my bookshelves despairingly , knowing that i can have nothing more to do with them '' .
therefore , we shall consider in this paper the theoretical gain and resolution capabilities of such tubes .
come one , come all , the water's fine ! !
in the case of taxpaying corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or du pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately $2.09 per share .
score one side of disk d , join to c ; ;
it is an averaging device intended to ease the tax burden of fluctuating income ; ;
you'll have some joy in the life of this city .
then wilson asked , `` what about this kent house which you mention ? ?
from the very first he regarded himself as mr. hearst's disciple , defender , and afterward his prime minister , self-ordained .
james blish's a case of conscience ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters ; ;
heat transfer by molecular conduction as well as by radiation from the arc column .
let me prove it , phil .
but it can be dangerous if the joiner doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself .
a second leaped from his horse to the top of the bale , firing four arrows in such rapid succession it didn't seem possible they were in flight .
a pouilly-fuisse or a chablis somewhat less cold .
his money was tied up in a nassau hotel , an ohio pottery works , and a detergent for window-washing , and luck had been running against him .
from the lioness' point of view , this strange creature on the back of another creature , lashing out with its long thin paw , very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with .
from god's will and wisdom , and from virgin earth .
such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world , let us say a community , that embraces scarsdale or yonkers , but is also infinitely richer since it is all-inclusive .
`` the worst , and least probable '' result ; ;
some of us have imagination and sensibility too .
hesiometer results have been found to compare excellently with manual knife scratching tests .
then he sped from the dark basement and returned to his room and cried .
in that both cities end their fiscal years on september 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with september 30 and ending with june 30 .
when a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage .
thomas mann wrote the holy sinner in 1951 .
i was hungry as a wolf , and my body felt lean and vital .
he lived in the dawn ; ;
`` easy '' , nogol confirmed .
insulate , weatherstrip , double-glaze to the maximum .
his brown face looked gray from dirt streaks where his hand had come off the dusty pavement and rubbed across it .
he had only a fringe of hair and he wore it cropped short .
hurry '' ! !
despite the increasing rate of exogamous marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society .
such items recall the california journalist who reported an accident involving a movie star : `` the area in which miss n -- was injured is spectacularly scenic '' .
the deadliness of the magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me .
she was with elizabeth .
`` please pardon me again , sandalphon '' , said hal .
he was most eager to make the dive ; ;
`` your trigger-happy brother isn't in the house .
this counteracted the gain from having no scrap loss .
) properties :
2 .
let us look at the operator af .
his statistical record that year , when texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , punted once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards .
`` big favor i done you .
she indicated a spot a little distance away .
on the second landing he paused to look for docherty , didn't see him , and accepted a glass of champagne .
equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation : `` so much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it '' .
gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about massachusetts , but he was learning fast .
the people of the 17th district of new york , and i as their representative in congress , take great pride in the new york times as one of the great and authoritative newspapers of the world .
in the remainder of his speech davis spoke of his admiration for brown and warned those who took part in the meeting that they `` are liable to the charge that they are supporting traitors and upholding men whom the laws have condemned '' .
whereas , it is a matter of fact that smith cannot drive a car .
as soon as that one man is appointed by himself or the others or by a signal from spencer , we are going to be rushed .
`` begin to look like him now , would you say ? ?
he was no heavier than a child .
mrs. blanche dunkel , 60 , who has spent 25 years in the dwight reformatory for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law , ervin lang , then 28 , appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two illinois pardon and parole board members , john m. bookwalter and joseph carpentier .
to use these new ways in daily life is the last step .
but at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead .
`` it's parked in front '' .
i was chairman , the only not youthful participant .
and in the prokofieff c major piano concerto , with zadel skolovsky as soloist , he was an admirable partner .
the idea of the proof is this .
across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either spiked along the top or arched in half circles .
a soldier held the end of a frayed rope .
he was a member of the baptist church .
fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ) .
but it probably will be less because of a usual slackening during the last weeks of each month , smythe said .
what are the possibilities of lowered radiation production costs for the future ? ?
it took thirty of our women almost six moons to build this one , which is higher and stronger than the old one .
in early childhood the choice of a companion is likely to be for another child of his own age or a year or two older , who can do the things he likes to do ; ;
do not wonder that i said to thee , ' you must be born again ' '' .
the idea of a peace corps has captured the imagination of a great many people .
they were reluctant to appoint sheriffs to protect the property , thus running the risk of creating disturbances such as that on the vermejo , and yet the cowboys protested that they got no salary for arresting cattle thieves and running the risk of being shot .
father murray goes back to the declaration of independence , too , though i may add , with considerably more historical perception .
the company supplies janitors and workmen for mccormick place and factories , liquor firms , and other businesses .
shippin' cattle by train was called a `` stock run '' .
taxing of boats .
at the end of the performance , dave and max came out into the brilliantly lit foyer among a surge of gowned and tuxedoed first nighters .
similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close perusal .
his energy was gone .
a bullet gouged into the bar top an inch from tilghman's stomach as blue throat's henchmen started shooting .
it was demonstrated , many critics would later point out , in the length of his novels .
the oyabun was entertaining a group of dignitaries , the secretary said , businessmen from tokyo for the most part , and kayabashi wished to show them the mission .
but it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away .
forget motive ? ?
not included was the value of seed oil in paints and varnishes or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products .
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- `` design a luxury apartment '' ; ;
sba works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the federal government in reviewing proposed sales programs and identifying those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing .
soybean flour , grits , flakes , `` milk '' , and curd can be bought in the united states .
he also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem , including commanding general frederick funston who gave fosdick the nickname of `` reverend '' .
we'll still have the rifle , and i might be able to round up some more .
a year later they were removed to a stalag in the harbor of stettin .
during the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts i would sign with the hearst service .
the taft-hartley act gave the federal courts jurisdiction over `` suits for violation of contracts between an employer and a labor organization representing employees in an industry affecting commerce '' .
indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented .
a few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students .
he had already been studying the bible ; ;
`` you shouldn't be riding up here after dark , judith '' , he said quietly .
the white buick hadn't moved away yet .
i had signed it off on the forms .
so we have three children and responsibilities .
it was practically the last move that mcbride made of his own volition .
morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait .
but there is hope , for conservation commissioner bontempo has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space .
the rock and roll music coming from the radio station suddenly faded as the boat coasted into the null on the aj .
' it's just a bat ' , said my wife reassuringly , and i sighed with relief .
the hangover in turn reminded him of his conversation with the weirdy , and he groaned .
even if that's all the promise he ever gave or ever will give , the giving of it once was enough and you believed it then and you will always believe it , even when it is finally the only thing in the world you have left to believe , and the whole world is telling you that one was a lie .
since arriving here , however , i have formed a far different religious picture of present-day england .
to people who didn't know her she was a gawky , badly dressed kid whose arms were too long , whose legs were a little too bony .
locked in motel
this appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid secretion of newly iodinated thyroglobulin .
with completion of filling , net-like anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches .
it is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the national association of real estate boards ( nareb ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure .
the insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity .
the animals thundered away into the moonlight , heading for the ridges .
the congregation perishes when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; ;
i set the hour of our meeting for seven .
this work is progressing on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year .
there is a quick change from the plaintive song to a conversational tone .
it will not , however , be used for symbolic assignment until all other index words or electronic switches have been assigned for the first time .
he did it because he knows for each guy he puts out of commission that's one less who might take his job away later on .
the eradication effort is being pushed in bibb and jones counties , over 37,679 acres .
it's dryin' myself out that does it '' .
`` what is it '' ? ?
placing missiles in submarines , on barges , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons .
the way is to rent a chauffeur-driven car .
and are not the state department men who dispense this largesse merely crackpots and do-gooders who have never met a payroll ? ?
it was here that the terror-stricken dennis moon played an unrehearsed role during the children's party .
at present it's available in one model , the fine and familiar smith & wesson magnum revolver ( about $110 ) , long a top-quality handgun among target arms .
on the basis of what they give us we can know how the young caruso sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of parsifal under karl muck's baton , or sense the type of ensemble toscanini created in his years with the new york philharmonic .
he hurried across to the courthouse and caught the sheriff just as he was leaving .
despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him .
east providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by appointing a full-time director , raymond h. hawksley , the present city cd head , believes .
the hosts never seem to recognize that something is amiss , so that the compartment afterward is sealed normally .
then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls .
baldness was attacking his pate .
fortunately , it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in diagnosing the involvement of values in education .
my quarry was in the apartment house for two hours .
u.s. `` prestige ''
piepsam is not , certainly , religious in any conventional sense .
`` workmen .
mr. hohlbein was out for the day , but mr. garth would be free at one-thirty .
there is no use trying to `` explain '' to a 2-year-old .
i admired their easy way of doing things but i couldn't escape an uneasiness at their way of always doing the right things .
man , when my 275 pounds and six-four comes along , why it's the same as another badge .
tenements , stores , saloons , some gambling , i hope not too much .
curt moved over beside the door and waited .
she did not notice that the customer seized her purchase and turned away without a smile or a word of thanks .
the operations of its other plant in rochdale and leesona's former operations in manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of heywood .
but then , as he well knew , women are not guided by logic or common sense .
i didn't know a human could feed so fast and still be beautiful .
he must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer .
now it became increasingly apparent that there were to be no dogs in the picture .
entirely concerned with efficiency , he was merciless in criticizing people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent .
this final reminder of his guilt is the fatal one .
`` big business , this little thrift shop business '' , say the members .
others were building .
`` it has to be easier with two of them .
there is no justification for systematizing the random statements of irenaeus about the image of god beyond this , nor for reading into his imprecise usage the later theological distinction between the image of god ( humanity ) and the similitude of god ( immortality ) .
the continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process .
central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ;
there are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege .
now wait a minute , she told herself , think about it ; ;
mr. herford touched the fat man's arm .
their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the 52nd street burlesque joints , but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of epidermis .
he even hunted elephant , although the asian elephant is not quite as ferocious as his african cousin .
haney hadn't given it much thought at the time .
`` how can you be so damn stupid ? ?
`` larger and more comfortable .
the march gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter .
yet her inflection seemed forced or rehearsed .
one was british and the other , french .
in her sophomore year she had started going steady with bobby joe , who was a football player , future homemakers sweetheart , and president of future farmers .
she clung to him , talking to him , and dabbing at her eyes .
`` workers of the party ''
she shrugged .
as summer cooled into fall and winter , even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day , and by december of 1834 it was icy .
`` that is only partly non-nonsense '' , he began .
nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable `` moral life '' , although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such avenues .
we are going to be rushed and murdered '' .
upon receipt of an application which the export-import bank is prepared to consider , the export-import bank will inform the department of economic affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended .
this must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster .
the augusta national golf club course got up and bit both player and palmer .
`` -- second building on the right '' .
mary was free to marry again , not knowing that the sturch had secretly given her a divorce , thinking that death had dissolved her marriage .
removal of the suspended solids by a membrane filter yielded an average effluent containing only 20 mg/l aj .
'' then it was no bogey she had dreamed up ; ;
and what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and gourmets in a squat but charming fisherman's village on the mediterranean ? ?
and the citizen narrows his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' .
if he sees the heroic in a sartoris or a sutpen , he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean , and he sees the compson family disintegrating from within .
4 .
it rests the tissues '' .
while she was struggling to get her skirt down and get on her feet again , jack ran over , offered her his hand and said , `` gosh , i'm sorry , miss langford .
`` it was brenner's idea '' , jess mumbled , dabbing at his nose .
she was more excited than frightened at the prospect of having her first child in a foreign land .
it recommended that fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of modernizing and improving them '' .
simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements pyrometer readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2 .
how to feed :
we have two media for publicizing individual technical activity , a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company , and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers .
grumbled michelangelo ; ;
it appears , then , that although the matter is not dealt with in section 381(c) , a successor corporation in a reorganization of a type specified in section 381(a) is entitled to sue for refund of taxes paid by a transferor corporation .
`` fifteen '' , she said .
she lived by the rules , never compromising , never blinded or diverted by circumstance .
but he said it too soon , for it came out just before the tap to which the door responded .
measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth .
american democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the american democratic faith .
on the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with agonized tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral .
`` come on , let's hurry down before they lock up for the day '' .
it is now harder to assume telepathy as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far afield esp can range .
he was surprised to find kayabashi's secretary on the other end of the line .
`` if blue throat has his way he'll keep us all cooped up in here for days '' , he said .
if it ever got behind me , the beep turned to a buzz .
that was true , but only half the truth .
that night the older men got to talking about going possum-hunting on a moonlight night .
since they did not glance curiously at us once , i guessed that there was a penalty for distraction .
if nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand .
he has traversed provinces and kingdoms , but he has not consolidated them behind him , nor does he control them .
it recurred in the press conferences : the president's remarks about his running developed a singular tone , one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter .
they all swung at the same instant in the same direction .
at the point where they ended , another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by father lucian galtier in 1840 .
b .
( quotations follow '' .
certain this menace was only imaginary , he yet stared in fascinated horror , his hand sticky against the stock of his weapon .
no matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal .
he went into the jewish quarter , wanting to draw hebraic faces so that he could reach a visual understanding of how christ might have looked .
`` i'm betting on that chance .
i took him by the shoulders .
we expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be .
only cromwell , the giant boatswain , was mild-mannered and respectful .
a concurrent effort is needed to make oceanographic data useful on the spot .
it ended when he tumbled ; ;
the more people learn about their country , the more they want to learn .
did she know , he asked , why the colors of the tubes were important to people's health ? ?
mr. ferrell is a private detective , hirey .
ann was entranced with the view , as were her husband and friends .
perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the western world has been that of the old and new testament .
in this way , red wine warms of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many beguiling and interesting stages .
does the writer know the difference between an `` ersatz '' ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk ? ?
the patient himself denied that he had any visual imagery at all ; ;
`` our boy didn't chicken out , no sir .
i had mounted it on velvet and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a christian manner .
slowly she turned to face the men again .
when surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm .
men were slaughtered every day , tumbled into eternity like so many torn parcels flung down a portable chute .
perhaps they had a car or truck and would drive him into town .
the unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is plugged in .
if we don't take care , the sisters will be entering the fray on opposite sides , brandishing their cudgels '' .
the traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association , punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic interviewer .
he makes the momentous decision .
it seemed to me that my life was destined to be one brilliant failure after another .
but in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple .
after all , shelley is no `` orthodox '' or hellenic platonist , and even his `` romantic '' platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries .
harmony in laos ? ?
tonight a group of men , tomorrow night he himself , would go out there somewhere and wait .
judge parsons leaned over the bench and inquired , `` you mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this '' ? ?
it is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or vowels .
a medico's injection inflamed a nerve , and johnny can barely walk .
low seems to have supported eden at first and then relented because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye .
eugene was in his pajamas and dressing gown , and on his large feet he wore yellow turkish slippers that turned up at the toes .
four or five of the cousins from east texas were about his age , so naturally they ran around together .
action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate .
the ceramic material of the age is more abundant , more diversified , and more indicative of the hopes and fears of its makers , who begin to show scenes of human life and death .
mullins would do .
index words 97 through 99 are not available .
he worked as a `` clothier '' in london , but was greatly concerned with religion .
many shapes in bathtubs .
considering the high cost of the f-108 system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project .
-- in this small way do the leaders of a city , or of a nation , inure the masses to watching , or even inflicting , torture and death , upon even their fellow men .
almond oil , another nondrying oil , was once used extensively in perfumery to extract flower fragrances .
and a very large , flat wash brush .
`` who is going to stop me '' ? ?
the shapes of the men ahead of him lacked solidity , as if the whip had stripped them of their very flesh .
the skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath .
`` ain't he going to wake up '' ? ?
some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long .
very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility .
`` we had to do something '' .
after they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs , ralph and fred had some fourteen thousand dollars , as i remember , with which to pay the bequests .
a t test on these two groups , shifters vs. nonshifters , gave a `` t '' value of 2.405 which is significant on the two-tail test at the
the subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at montreux in switzerland .
on the third voyage , a near-mutiny rising from a quarrel between dutch and english crew members on the half moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to amsterdam in mid-atlantic .
`` c'mon '' , he whispered ; ;
van brocklin , the quarterback who led the eagles to the title , was signed by the vikings last wednesday .
slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the coast guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law .
their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal blushes about appearing ' jewish ' in subway , bus , racetrack , movie house , any of the public places that used to make the jew of my generation self-conscious ( heavy thinkers walking across seventh avenue without their glasses on , willing to dare the trucks as long as they didn't look like the ikey-kikey caricature of the yiddish intellectual ) .
in spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and i realized the aborigines were much darker than they appeared ; ;
in 1868 , however , a truce was called between the companies , and the partnership of darling , brown & sharpe was formed .
within a decade or less , few men were left and a feminist society had sprung up .
do you have a program for scrutinizing all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ?
`` a night policeman just like in the states .
employees deduct expenses of travel , meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees .
`` it is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the proviso that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples .
facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' i have participated in the war against communism in korea and at dienbienphu , and i have helped in the evacuation of north vietnamese to the free world .
`` i guess '' .
they were eight feet apart when roberts cleared the last step .
while johnny made himself comfortable on the couch , i'd play the tunes for him .
nischwitz was working on a 3-hitter when the indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth .
that , incidentally , might give you some idea of what felix was like .
.
`` you and barney get her over to rose's before it gets too light .
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities .
hold on tight .
`` i went over to the willows and dropped two notes '' .
roberts was a wastrel .
an animal with distinct coloration , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' .
after a few seconds , she said , `` dad didn't like cappy .
avoid doubling up on the same item .
now , if i were you i would just plan to repair the old church so it would last for five or ten years .
to the trained ear of the linguist , talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the talker -- such things as geographical origin and/or history , socio-economic identity , education .
if this choice is less exciting than new york democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made .
they will live in corpus christi .
out .
when a question contains two verbs , the response does not make clear which of them is being answered .
he stared at the dipper , turning it over and over in his wide , calloused hands .
no one would question such an errand .
`` here are two old men , mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone '' , said a house democratic leader .
i find this view amazing .
since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout , we will only describe the construction of one locking bar .
`` my name is dandy brandon , missy .
.
welch was on edge .
asked willie at one stage of his excavation project .
major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories , say by 1970 .
how to feed : beef cattle
the downtown store continues to offer the great inducement of variety , both within its gates and across the street , where other department stores are immediately convenient for the shopper who wants to see what is available before making up her mind .
i am a jew '' .
then the boycott would not be secondary , but a primary one .
it seemed too much trouble even to reach for the switch ; ;
each evening the students appeared with the soup kettle and several petits pains , esther usually being among them .
a study of the distribution of wtv antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm .
i could hardly believe such good luck was mine .
from here you can easily include a side trip to the old whaling port of nantucket , massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago .
grosse rubbed the bridge of his nose where it was swollen .
look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in cleveland .
walter was giving me checks for my pay , the household bills .
chapter 22
half of the population of the u.s. would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people '' .
they could come on him now without difficulty .
self-criticism is a rare but needed commodity in congress .
the verse of beowulf or of the iliad and the odyssey was not easy to create but was not impossible for poets who had developed their talents perforce in earning a livelihood .
''
jones yelled , `` or she'll kill 'em all .
`` i can't make it in ten minutes '' -- wondering , as i said it , why i should make it at all .
the stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong .
it is not easy to become segovia's pupil .
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies .
`` chicken '' , mose said .
he said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the criminal court processes .
`` there wasn't a bit of trouble '' .
after paying tribute to the conductor and his white-clad youthful students , president kennedy said , `` as an american i have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the united states -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' .
just the same , the old woman said , she would write to her nephew in his boxcar and tell him she had met a nice man from his adopted country .
he pressed his palms together and addressed himself to the patron saint of divers in a hurried and anxious whisper .
by no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; ;
the 140,414 americans who gave `` the last full measure of devotion '' to prevent disunion , preserved individual freedom in the united states from the dangers of anarchy , inherent in confederations , which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states , and to the liberties of their people .
six months later , hal yarrow stood in the observation dome of the gabriel and watched the ball of earth dwindle above him .
i became fifteen , sixteen , then twenty , and still tessie alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair , and alfred got richer and sicker with diabetes .
a prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees .
he had started to back into the turn when he remembered the razor in his pocket .
and , still , they did not have to be so crude in their approach .
`` widow , nice sort of woman .
i believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized .
so the verdict was `` death at the hands of a person or persons unknown '' , and the elite of the city , accepting delphine's testimony , welcomed her and the doctor back into the fold .
in may 1959 , prednisone , 30 mg. daily , replaced the dexamethasone .
mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race .
these are supporting members for the short locking bars .
3 .
isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ?
`` but why did you come back '' ? ?
the walls feel slippery .
the gentle whir of each footstep left him more naked than before , until he felt his unprotected flesh tremble , chilled by each new sound .
there wasn't anything of special interest that morning , no one sicker than they should have been .
wherever there is great social discontent , these people are , sooner or later , to be found .
there was no real sign of the river now , just a roiling , oily ribbon of liquid movement through muddy waters that reached everywhere .
miss ada was looking fine ; ;
g. mennen williams is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly .
`` you see '' , she said , looking past him into the room , where the highball glasses sparkled dully in the bright light , `` you and i can't understand the many hardships they have to undergo '' .
`` look , my friend '' , he said , `` in my life i learn , how is it the proverb says , better an ounce of prevention to a pound of cure .
michigan offers the lovely tulip festival in holland , michigan , may 12-14 ; ;
external determination of heading -- surveying technique .
adjusted gross income
next best to destroying an army is to deprive it of its freedom of action .
someone reasonably trustworthy .
that is , it is known empirically that names beginning with r are more common than those beginning with z ; ;
oliver's 37-1/2 feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable .
2 .
she meant him well , but was in no condition for articulate speech .
but even a reunion as joyous as this one did not make a break in the routines of the day .
silence walked at pamela's side , its presence numbingly close , yet too far for her to hear .
there will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his off-farm job .
curious as to what made it work , he built a crude model of it in wood , and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread , enabling the crude machine to take stitches .
this is a paradise for hunters .
in this sequence i shall write about them in the order of their erection .
the question left by the election is whether west germany veers slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility .
even as i said it i realized that an education can be invaluable .
in two minutes the body of tilghman's former comrade , who had been killed by blue throat in a gambling brawl the previous night , was carried into the town's funeral parlor to be prepared for decent burial .
she was .
henrietta looked down at her bouquet , still lively with its color and scent , and set her feet on their journey's way again , leaving the village street and crossing the first field , folly dancing ahead of her .
the uniform fiscal year ensures conformance with another common sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn .
just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ?
in the coming fiscal year additional quantities of atlas , titan , and polaris missiles also will be procured .
fresh , warm , sweet and juicy , sweet lovin sixteen , she was .
he had to look for other prospects , other motives until more conclusive evidence pointing to johnston came to light .
if you're a good ballplayer , you've got to get mad .
for a moment , her mind returned again to the strange , flying world of birds , and she said to herself .
actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy .
`` no longer than yours .
smith's first workout with stresses , pitches , and junctures was based on mother , which spells , in our culture , a good deal more than bread alone .
he queried .
one advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that east providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program .
he is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside ; ;
`` but you know how hard it is to get a boy into a good college .
he is publicly on record as believing mr. de sapio should be replaced for the good of the party .
the collector enjoys the contact with rural life ; ;
interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the peace corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods , means and goals .
the equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem .
these , however , are exceptions .
obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated .
we first define a function b{t} as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on c and vertex at t , b{t} is the corresponding set of positive parametric differences between t and the backward corner points .
the rewards prompt and juicy in modern big-business america .
to an extent , the two even look alike .
after returning stratford he drew up a defense of the town's right to toll corn and the office of collecting it , and his list of suggested witnesses included his father and shakespeare's father .
yet alfredo wanted money wanted money to roam through the deserts .
he swung in through his own wide gateway .
( 2 ) the patient attained an astonishing efficiency in a new trade .
get in '' .
they had been with payne when he was shot , could not therefore have shot him from above .
the covers slid down his skinny neck so i saw his head , fuzzed like a dandelion gone to seed , but his face was turned to the wall -- there was the pale shadow of his nose on the plaster -- and i thought , well you don't look much like a pig-drunk bully now .
`` naw , we'll use mine '' , moore said , opening the door of a sleek white jaguar roadster .
okay , come on '' .
almost the whole experience of mankind pointed toward suspicion , not trust , as the safest and sanest attitude toward all outsiders .
the increase also was opposed by leonard kaplan , spokesman for the home builders association of philadelphia , on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses .
hemingway's fiction is supported by a `` moral '' backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension .
until recently .
he thought first of his son and daughter , away at college .
for its part the hudson's bay company was troubled by the approach of american settlement .
the university rejected them on a variety of pretexts , but was careful never to mention the color of their skins .
and when school closed , she was unable to travel to massachusetts .
she was then trained on the trot until december 29 , hitched to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and hoppled again .
`` yes .
much to damon runyon's amazement , as well as my own , i got along splendidly with the hetman ; ;
and so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music .
sba business loans are of two types : `` participation '' and `` direct '' .
st. jude 24 .
( cf. rapoport , 1959 : :
notable in this category are the jupiter and thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and deployed , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the atlas intercontinental ballistic missile .
the cores of deep-sea sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category .
it is curious that at its best , the work of this school of painting -- mark rothko , jackson pollock , clyfford still , robert motherwell , willem de-kooning , and the rest -- resembles nothing so much as the passage painting of quite unimpressive painters : the mother-of-pearl shimmer in the background of a henry mcfee , itself a formula derived from renoir ; ;
holding the pistol concealed , he walked to the rear wall of the stockade .
this escape from control has led to management's evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while .
this financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements .
the next days may show where things stand .
place a suitably-loaded barbell across them ; ;
he hadn't .
coyotes and hunting wolves sounded like signaling indian scouts , the whinny of a restless pony made one's skin crawl .
therefore , improved intelligence will result in reduced force requirements and , as it supports all other elements , rates a top priority .
military electronics to grow
the west .
`` it won't work , colonel '' .
the radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently informative , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school .
they despised foreigners .
a great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers .
but now -- well , it would be a blessing , i think .
don't try to wrestle a 400-lb. tub af through a narrow doorway .
she screamed , and both women ran up to the house , and i followed .
with world peace constantly being threatened , most of us regard the future skeptically , and even with fear .
`` you just wait , dad .
then he began to crawl again .
botulinal toxin , for example , is several thousand-fold more toxic by this route than when given per os .
while there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the united states since world war 2 .
washington
urethane foams
on the other hand , christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence .
can you think of anything to do '' ? ?
jess's coarse features twisted in a surprised grin which was smashed out of shape by curt's fist .
we should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene .
chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and wearisome procedures in equity .
it was a war of nerves , of stamina , of dogged endurance in which the stupid insistence of the british on their right to their own country became ultimately an unsurmountable obstacle to the nazis , who were better organized and technically superior .
`` don't think linda couldn't have got john back any time , if she'd tried '' , mousie gordon , who had been mousie chandler , said between bites of a chicken sandwich at a luncheon table at le mont .
quality and combat readiness must take precedence over mere numbers .
there was a fog , which increased the darkness of the night .
for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history .
if you are up against private brand competition , have you formulated a long-term program for researching and strengthening your market position ? ?
it has already been reported in your newspapers that the east greenwich school committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase .
in his opinion , doc had not grown up .
only a plea from the house manager , john collins , finally broke up the party .
`` i might '' .
she arranged the letters carefully , one on top of the other .
vadim kalentiev was the conductor .
zing was the creation of two men , louis thor and bill blake , partners in zing ! !
they passed the marmalade , the bread , the black-market butter , back and forth .
the recently unveiled kennedy moves to control the international textile market can be significant for american businessmen in many lines .
a review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report .
there is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives , however , from the heritage of the greeks rather than from the bible ) that god is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for accomplishing his work in the world .
`` it would make me feel a lot better , but the woman's exchange isn't taking baked goods any more and i can't leave the baby with grandma because she isn't strong enough and the baby's too young to be put in a nursery '' .
what would i want with them '' ? ?
these cut-down plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring .
for example , probably very few people know that the word `` visrhanik '' that is bantered about so much today stems from the verb `` bouanahsha '' : to salivate .
the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as interlocutor or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp .
it is believed that drug therapy and electroshock involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism .
`` i care not how soon we reach calcutta , and are placed in a still room , with a bowl of milk and a loaf of indian bread .
when the sea was visible ahead of them , the relief was as great as if the sun had come out .
at the inn , which was situated close to a broad weir , byron was greeted by the landlord with obsequious deference and addressed as `` milord '' .
it's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them .
bingles and bobbles :
mr. nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our department of state , and an american president observes sourly that sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more capitalistic '' .
she ate what she could and went out along the covered passageway , with the rain dripping from the vines .
this is all the more remarkable because the kirov is to ballet what senator goldwater is to american politics .
pilot lagoon
it was so utterly unexpected that marty stood for several moments with his mouth hanging open foolishly after it had happened .
what is needed , philip morrison writes in the cornell daily sun ( october 26 ) is a discontinuity .
his consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every sac aircraft .
most of these former churches are now used as warehouses , but `` neither anglicans nor nonconformists object to selling churches to roman catholics '' , and have done so .
`` not a bit '' , i said , `` but she's keeping her figure in hand '' .
a typical cantonment in the north had twelve hundred buildings , an electric-sewer-water system , and twenty-five miles of roads .
and although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a thoroughgoing philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written .
for example , when the film is only four minutes old , neitzbohr refers to a small , victorian piano stool as `` wilhelmina '' , and we are thereupon subjected to a flashback that informs us that this very piano stool was once used by an epileptic governess whose name , of course , was doris ( the english equivalent , when passed through middle-gaelic derivations , of wilhelmina ) .
mrs. joan lichtenstein , for publicity ; ;
) 11 .
`` see for yourself , miss zion .
this means that such factors as the health of the parents , particularly the mother , their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life , the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may legitimately be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring .
by springtime , he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of henry , prince of wales .
a tabulation of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive subgross types .
up to this time and for the next eight years , the services provided disabled persons consisted mainly of training , counseling , and placement on a job .
she leaned unconcerned against the broken porch fence , brushing and drying her wet , gilded hair in the sun .
the grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis .
after it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone .
rector was warming to his over-all strategy by the time he got back to the residential hall .
he was a little pale and shaky .
he might have been anywhere or nowhere .
but no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to disentangle as are tone and intonation in some languages .
the figure stopped and one hand was perilously freed from the hamper to scratch the nose .
the highest rated non-supervisory engineering title is ' research engineer .
what future holds
new jersey's color varies from staccato to pastel all the way from the delaware water gap to cape may .
it took a long time before the british tipped the balance .
he stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject .
higher tolls are planned for july 1 , 1961 , on the richmond-petersburg , va. , turnpike , and proposals for increased tolls on the texas turnpike are under study .
drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds , but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought , or as an aftermath of a stampede .
leadership is hopeful
it was not until the last year of his life that he had his first moneymaking show .
c'mon , let's find out where they're keeping the glasses '' .
i discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were negroes .
true terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present .
i'm so happy to be here '' .
and it is easy for the ecumenical enthusiast to lose sight of how basic all this is .
jazz is sex , marijuana is a stimulus to sex , the beat tempo is adjusted to the orgiastic release of the sexual impulse .
in earlier years , the preservation of food was essentially related to survival .
following the term of service in japan , each emissary returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community .
homozygous and heterozygous af cells , af and homozygous and heterozygous af cells were used to test each sample ; ;
mann understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell .
her face turned pink with pleasure and a smothered cough .
they looked a good deal alike , morgan thought .
the bid from a. belanger and sons of cambridge , mass. , which listed the same officers as hughes , was $600 per joint .
the moss gordin lint cleaner co. and gordin unit system of ginning have joint headquarters here .
the writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be .
he didn't think it was possible for this couple to be pretending .
`` and i so want the part '' , she said .
but he set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by interposing death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the dissolution of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , ceasing at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to god '' .
but i do know that he gave the day tone and distinction .
ulyate and kearton climbed on toward the sound of the barking of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what ulyate saw : jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly impassable hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a full-grown young lioness , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her .
charlayne studied journalism at detroit's wayne state university .
the liquid phase photochemical reaction .
c
continuous motion of the arc contact area at the anode by flow or magnetic forces .
it was said that the hetman plotted to take over the entire hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various coups : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the unfrocking of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to mr. hearst .
we're on even terms .
and the league takes a stand , with great regularity , on the side of right .
looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of milton's undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us .
a report that a catholic nun had been requested to teach in a non-catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; ;
perhaps he had known then where that hundred dollar bill had come from and where it was taking his wife .
is it far ? ?
amen , amen , i say to thee , unless a man be born again of water ( symbol of the word of god , see ephesians 26 ) and the spirit , he cannot enter into the kingdom of god .
it struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge .
and in the last five years , the `` methodist chapel committee has authorized the demolition or , more often , the sale of 764 chapels '' .
the case of the judges in the 58th precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under advisement by karns .
the sonatas , `` la francaise '' , `` la sultane '' , `` l'astree '' and `` l'imperiale '' , are often more elaborately worked out and , in fact , show a strong italian influence .
when the algae began to build up again , the effluent bod rose .
i mean , she's still living , and she's ninety-six .
sure , for the most of us , a frankfurter is the favorite .
this pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic dimensioning measurement is made .
there is however no point in speculating about such a possibility : the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the `` family business '' .
chandler had been commissioned in the medical service corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the kansas city medical depot when he decided that if he was going to make the army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it .
mediumistic impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses .
then at least he would have a place to hang his tools and something to work on .
lack of rainfall and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and irrigation of a site to make it useable .
in the course of its inquiry , it took testimony from only seven witnesses .
nothing looks anything like an ernst or an arp but another ernst or arp .
ever since he had first begun to study music and to teach it , rousseau had dreamed of piercing through to fame as the result of a successful opera .
at last gabriel spoke .
it was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night .
said hal .
hub picked up the telephone .
he specifies , `` in the middle period of the nineteenth century it was colored by christian supernaturalism , in the twentieth century it was affected by naturalism .
during the 1950s there were as many as 25,000 schools in the congo .
these booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the sheldon , saltis-mcerlane , and druggan-lake gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the torrio-capone saloons ; ;
in its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community .
pat pushed through first .
the word means it won't boil away easily , nothing else .
part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake .
he expected democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them .
he was straight , something angry in his attitude , as if he might be waiting to report something .
it is awfully talky , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive .
the doctor stood about , waiting for alex to dress , with a show of impatience , and soon they were moving , as quietly as could be , through the still-dark hallways , past the bedroom of the patronne , and so into the street .
he should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements .
`` i have these appointments in town for saturday , and i'll probably spend sunday with dolly or the thaxters '' .
`` poor john '' ! !
in the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade .
1880s : `` little women ''
i lived in a state of suspense because of it .
at this moment the volley-ball hit the ground .
emission spectra indicated af calcium and all other impurities much lower .
if the plants are cared for and protected over the winter , the second year is more prolific than the first .
results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which oh may be identified in interstellar gas ; ;
since the hero , a sterling and upright fellow , is a rich brown senior , while two yalies are cast as virtual rapists , i suppose i should disqualify myself from sitting in judgment on `` where the boys are '' , but i shall do nothing of the sort .
the design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle , but once understood , the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement .
in this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they recur continually .
the entrance of the stadtisches gesangverein ( bonn's civic chorus ) was worth all the waiting , however , as the young rhenish voices finally brought the music to life .
the artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the pigments and to protect his finished work for the ages .
if the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time cd director , mr. hawksley said , then he plans to call a meeting early in september so that a civil defense organization will be developed locally .
board members indicated monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on nov. 15 , the same date as a $581,000 bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools .
serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation .
this is the only valid , and extenuating , argument that may be advanced in defense of the reprehensible attitude of the common wine waiter .
further , the corpuscular radiation , i.e. , the solar-wind protons , must sputter away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow diminution in size , with a resultant increase in both the poynting-robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force .
i took a deep breath , and the plunge .
it is still , however , the junior member of the league , if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do .
nbc plans a new series of three long programs exploring america's scientific plans titled `` threshold '' , to start in the fall .
his talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' .
when continental airlines night-coach flight 54 took off at 11:30 one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer .
the church unity octave , january 18-25 , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches .
it comes and goes .
we use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as `` trust '' , `` cheat '' , and `` get tough '' .
`` i don't understand '' , she insisted .
the world-wide total of deaths from `` spanish flu '' was around twenty million ; ;
in general , it appears that trustees and board members attempt to represent the public interest in their administration of educational policy , and this is made easier by the fact that the dominant values of the society are middle-class values , which are generally thought to be valid for the entire society .
the terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two governments .
furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties .
the fat man winced .
it gave them all a chance to make a high-speed climbing turn attack and a break-away that would not take them into the overcast or force a tight-turn recovery .
in the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now .
they had all been laughing , joking , when suddenly the engine had failed .
dr. albert schweitzer , world-famous theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an easter march for disarmament which begins tomorrow in sunnyvale .
walton , who served as a correspondent with general james gavin's paratroopers during the invasion of france , combines the soul of an artist with the lingo of a tough guy .
`` i don't go to school any more '' .
`` which is a break as the area to search is less than a square mile '' , she added as she swung her legs over the transom .
it was from the american outposts that red river shortages of livestock were to be made good .
`` that's what started all the trouble in the first place .
meanwhile , all the personnel except those few needed to carry out the performance of the ship , went into the suspensor .
i mean such concepts as the presence of the supernatural in human affairs , the sacraments of grace and divine retribution , the idea of preordainment ( the oracle over oedipus , the prophecy of the witches to macbeth , or god's covenant with his people in athalie ) .
its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern american nuclear submarine skipjack .
when the ballplayers started to carry the catcher off the field he said : `` that ought to teach the sonofabitch '' .
she said , and her tone had softened until it was almost friendly .
the school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school .
american policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes .
not george , townley , or ted , certainly not ludie .
when the cloth dried and stiffened , he saw what adjustments had to be made .
juet demanded that hudson prove his charges in an open trial .
biological warfare
in fact it is easier .
the wearying trek stretched into the afternoon -- from newspaper plant to insurance office to her house and back to the newspaper , where he found her at five o'clock .
serological technique .
in order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible , we may develop this argument at greater length .
then it is replaced and fastened .
when the congo received its independence in 1960 there were , among its 13.5 million people , exactly 14 university graduates .
ran a fair-sized farm .
a brood of twenty-eight born at brookfield zoo , near chicago , ranged in length from 22 to 33-1/2 inches and averaged 29 inches .
this will form the sugar bowl .
most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to allocate and commit their own resources .
`` we'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other '' .
it was the most important-looking cradle he had ever seen .
-- i concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to sen. dirksen and sen. douglas .
he staggered over and dropped it on the table .
i wasn't going to lug around a glass .
old mr. thom himself had stopped at the service station for a grease job , wally confessed , and couldn't get one because there were cars on the pits waiting to be repaired .
or allowing a deduction for payment of certain obligations of a transferor assumed in the reorganization ( section 381(c)(16) ) , but not a deduction for theft losses sustained by a transferor prior to a reorganization but discovered after it ; ;
as he watched the man sit suddenly , a detached part of his mind observed how very difficult it was , really , to knock a man off his feet .
in 1914 when the town was chosen for the u. s. amateur golf tournament , a representative hurried here from the boston manager's office .
it was time to take bigger steps , to venture on experiments .
shocked speechless , lucy sat there .
the wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and aerate , preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and , perhaps in the case of very old wines , be decanted .
i am told that a mortar longer slaked might have remained longer in condition for painting .
no chemical fertilizers and poisonous insecticides and fungicides are used '' .
after it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded .
nothing , however , could be farther from the truth .
at one time it was the ambition of every saxophone player in every high school band in america to blow like bird .
to innocence , a word given is a word that will be kept .
this bill should be paid within 30 days .
now start talking .
and that competition for this share of the market was endangered by the financial relationship between the two concerns : ``
the colored people are getting employment at kent house and other places , and they are near their places of employment .
hunting rifles , '61
from that day on he never spoke to harry or to lew , or to lew's two boys , mort and jimmy .
balanced properly between optimism and practicality , the nondefeatist attitude of the shell people led them to extricate themselves , their ships and personnel , from bizarre situations .
the ceiling stayed solid above them at about eight hundred feet , and at times the sheer cliffs seemed about to close in .
essentially these birefringence studies show that at low rates of shear a tension is present at 45-degrees to the direction of shear , and as the rate of shear increases , the direction of the maximum tension moves asymptotically toward the direction of shear .
unlike the sicilians , he additionally conducted holdups , robberies , and safe-cracking expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution .
in poughkeepsie , n.y. , , in 1952 , a roman catholic hospital presented seven protestant physicians with an ultimatum to quit the planned parenthood federation or to resign from the hospital staff .
on microfilm , headquarters also has a file of the new york times from its founding in 1851 to the present day , as well as bound volumes of important periodicals .
hard-surface cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of alkaline products : ( 1 ) the formulations made expressly for machine dishwashers , and ( 2 ) the general-purpose cleaners used for walls and woodwork .
hence , the present studies offer a possible basis for interpretations in the latter field .
but my captain might have been a jew , but he wasn't a jew .
but there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent : `` you ask what i am going to ' reply ' to bradley .
for if serenissimus made the sign of the cross with his right hand , and meant it , with his left he beckoned lewdly to any lady who happened to catch his eye .
the couple was married aug. 2 , 1913 .
`` they ain't even in sight '' ! !
he broke into a dogtrot , breathing heavily , streaming with sweat .
i asked .
he didn't want alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and alfred understood .
there was something maimed and crazy about its motion that disturbed them .
the 3 , t'ai-shan in shantung , east china ; ;
here was a perfect place to lie down and make believe .
next , steele turns his attention to the `` courtier '' he is addressing .
the hearst dollar mark is all over them .
most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar .
but watching mrs. cyril ring , berniece dalton janssen , mrs. robert jarvis , mrs. walter adams order low-calorie seafood , no bread , i could see the ziegfeld girls of 1920 were determined to be glamorous grandmothers of 1961 .
this is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people .
personally , it meant a great deal ; ;
the target chart quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what .
and ( d ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank .
we cannot now speak of maximizing the value of the objective function , since this function is now known only in a probabilistic sense .
quint smothered a yawn .
selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to red river where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile northwest company which resented the intrusion of farmers into the fur traders' empire .
he saw the land with a stranger's eyes , all the old familiarness gone .
revenue ruling 54-17 provides that if the corporation against which a tax was assessed has since been liquidated by merger with a successor corporation , a claim for refund should be filed by the successor in the name and on behalf of the corporation which paid the tax , followed by the name of the successor corporation .
richard tucker sang edgardo in glorious voice .
`` that was a terrible thing to do '' , i said to oso .
a world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more self-assertive , too '' .
the founder of the junior showmanship competition the late leonard brumby , sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at westminster ) was an outstanding handler and believed a junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the junior showmanship division .
when napoleon's ship had borne him to elba , french wines had started to cross the channel , the first shipments in a dozen war-ridden years , but the supplies had not yet reached rural hostelries where the sweet wines of the spanish peninsula still ruled .
the girl nodded understandingly .
there were several men of ninety or more whom i knew first or last , all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives .
the grounds for the church's position are scriptural ( old testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law .
there are few things of which i am prouder than of that unblemished record .
the aaa then splits it down this way : $10.50 for meals , $9.50 for lodging , $7 for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous .
mongi slim of tunisia and frederick boland of ireland were early favorites in the running , but france didn't like the former and the soviet union would have none of the latter .
when strong hands buy , they are able to buy more , and they do it even in the face of bearish news reports .
i guess you're right '' .
as the seed swelled its glutinous covering protected the eyeball from irritation , and both the cinder and the seed could soon be washed out .
montero was shouting .
the second speaker was harvey barcus , president of the dog writers ass'n of america .
now on the subjectivist view , this answer is ruled out .
to the editor of the inquirer :
my husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week , and as late as 8 or 9 on week-ends .
`` we hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the holy scriptures '' .
all comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with aj .
all southerners agree that slavery had to go ; ;
the new people respond in kind by joining the church .
it made her look sweet and schoolgirlish , i was excited to be with her , but i did not know how to express it .
anything is possible when anarchy has the upper hand '' .
once again they clustered like children .
the new york central notes : ``
but can one , really ? ?
from the fusty panaceas of spinach , eggs and prunes , the u.s. has progressed to curds , concentrates and capsules .
fifteen years ago , there were no guideposts at all .
ivy climbed the red brick walls like a green-scaled monster .
yet the idyll ended .
would agriculture progress as rapidly as industry ? ?
but mr. kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with mr. khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe .
the typical appearance of these various mechanisms is illustrated in figs. 2 , 3 , and 4 , which are single frame enlargements of high speed movies taken during the course of the knife removal process .
hoopla ( tar heel-holiday hanover ) , a filly that wanted to trot , knocked herself october 31 and november 1 fighting the hopples .
it is to be a trap .
he said hesitantly , `` hettie , i don't figure your things got wet too much .
it was therefore not until the publication of j.h. round's `` the settlement of the south and east saxons '' , and w.h. stevenson's `` dr. guest and the english conquest of south britain '' , that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established .
everything else is closed away .
the shortage was discovered after huff failed to report for work on sept. 18 .
why are you trying to worry me '' ? ?
as the influence of learning and environment are felt , emotional behavior becomes individualized .
they provide stimulations that lead to further production .
this recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act .
i prefer to speak , however , of sam rayburn , the person , rather than sam rayburn , the american institution .
it might have been easier for her if kitti walker hadn't been everything that blanche was not .
and in her forthright way , henrietta , who in her story of sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which morris jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the corbin affair , as well as on the radical reforms of dr. wise of hebrew union college -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything .
he recalled that in california after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell bruckner to the americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing ovation .
this viscosity of the material in the drops is , of course , not negligible .
during the summer of 1960 , it became the setting for a bitter and basic labor-management struggle .
for long hauls these shipments should be protected with water-proof paper .
we have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could withstand at least 200 aj .
`` no .
in the testing room he was to make , successively , three presentations to three different people .
what do i do now '' ? ?
therefore , any measures taken in peacetime which will decrease force requirements in war will contribute greatly to success when hostilities occur .
deliberately , with none of rankin's viciousness , he laid the barrel of his gun alongside the guard's head .
`` these are the board's minutes .
in many cases that statement -- `` we break even on our downtown operation and make money on our branches '' -- would be turned around if the cost analysis were recalculated on terms less prejudicial to the old store .
his very honest act called up the recent talk i had with another minister , a modest methodist , who said : `` i feel so deeply blessed by god when i can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and i would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think of self .
recognition of prisoners union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a sawed-off bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant .
before you use 'em the light company's got to run in a heavy line and you'll need a new fuse box for the extra circuits .
a stock transaction for less than a hundred shares is executed via a special odd-lot broker on the floor of the exchange .
even the non-church members -- the freewheelers , marginal religionists and so on -- have the values of christian civilization internalized in them .
the results looked as follows : af .
she snapped at him .
trevelyan's manin and the venetian revolution of 1848 , his last major volume on an italian theme , was written in a minor key .
tobacco road is dead .
how will it be financed ? ?
it is raising no disturbing question as to what christian stewardship means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples .
it began to look as if something was going to happen .
mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for armhole by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it .
i have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world .
and all the time , she had the heat of hatred in her , like charcoal that is burning on its under side , but not visibly .
the parenchyma was slightly hyperemic in the apex of the left lung , and there were several firm , gray , fibrocalcific nodules measuring as large as 3 mm. .
and it was getting bigger rapidly .
they bring an inextricable component of value within themselves , with attractions and repulsions native to their own quality .
i'd tell him everything i'd learned about seaton's habits and habitat , and he'd tell me the score on radic .
( the best evidence is that he received a monthly wage of about $125 , very good money in an era when top hands worked for $30 and found .
lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now unrecognizable as such , and loosely interpreted as the alternation of inconsistency with vision .
ortega's hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled .
her arm bled slightly , and the offended skin cried out in pain .
she may well be incapacitated by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g. , whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a homemaker ; ;
the bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act , and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of georgia's most heavily traveled highways .
the unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of his -- shall we dare say his waterloo ? ?
certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so .
again , by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers , one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and shippers abroad .
they will be for teaching , agriculture and community development in southeast asia , africa , the middle east and latin america .
adam watched the moisture flow from the poncho .
) 13 .
and she was made to fall in love with him again there in the rutted dirt driveway standing in the cold fog , mad as she was at his going away when he really didn't have to , mad at their both having got older in a life that seemed to have taken no more than a week to go by .
2 )
thermal conductivity and temperature resistance :
rev had stressed the need for money .
the most famous undergraduate of south philadelphia high school is a current bobby-sox idol , dreamboat cacophonist fabian ( real name : fabian forte ) , 17 , and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while .
a red filter , zeiss barrier filter with the code ( schott ) designation bg 23 , was also used in the ocular lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence .
figure 2 , above , shows the aging properties of urethane foams as determined by the percent of change in tensile strength during exposure to ultra-violet light .
he went upstairs to phone crumb .
he did more than that .
just as in the case of every prodigy child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises i inflicted on him .
remember what i said about going out to get anybody left behind ? ?
knightfall ( knight dream-miss worthy grapes ) 2:36 ; ;
( e )
one of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the mid-19th century is the situation of catholics at oxford and cambridge universities .
he burst from the hot confinement of the room into the cold night air .
8 .
it was possible to maintain aerobic conditions in the pond by regular additions of sodium nitrate until the temperature decreased and the algae population changed from blue-green to green algae .
they would sleep while the gabriel's drive would increase the acceleration to a point which the unfrozen bodies of the personnel could not have endured .
pozzatti and i could not know then that we would experience this sort of treatment more often in moscow than elsewhere .
teen hunter clubs were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the allied merchandising corporation .
at juice bars in los angeles' 35 `` health '' stores , a new sensation is a pink , high-protein cocktail , concocted of dried eggs , powdered milk and cherry-flavored no-cal , which sells for 59-cents per 8-oz. glass .
extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated .
this is particularly acute for those who attended midwood high school directly across the street from brooklyn college .
my future plans are to become a language teacher .
cousin joshua and some others felt that we should march toward lexington and take up new positions ahead of the slow-moving british column , but another group maintained that we should stick to this spot and this section of road .
he wore the clothes of a laborer , and she was wondrously seductive in a yellow and orange dress .
too bad the marine had no water .
`` shootin' 'em out '' was gettin' cattle out of a corral onto the range .
`` why should i ? ?
on the one hand , there are ecumenists who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town .
there is much truth in both these charges , and not many bourbons deny them .
h'all should have let me do it '' .
as soon as they are large enough to move , i put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom .
when no one smiled , he felt constrained to add , `` just kidding , natch '' .
and although schnabel's pianism bristles with excitement , it is meticulously faithful to schubert's dynamic markings and phrase indications .
pattern d for lid fits over top diameter of aj .
the history of the u.s. potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days .
( b. d. coleman with walter noll , department of mathematics , carnegie institute of technology ) viscoelastic measurements
by the middle of the summer , many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is `` optimal '' , and it is then that young queens begin to appear .
these fractions were tested for abo agglutinin activity , using fractions from group ab plasma as a control .
but neither was lilian her baptismal name .
anyway , i'll bet you have a lot of fun .
apples come from a farm in vermont where they are not sprayed .
`` to me you'll always be the girl o' my dreams , an' the sweetest flower that grows '' .
he gripped the wheel hard to fight the despondency of defeat .
who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ?
they thought it would be a chance for you to make a life out where nobody will be thought any better than the next except for just what's inside of them .
i shuddered and backed out of the room .
as she told it , `` he's a rich boy friend , an old guy about 60 '' .
the practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison .
the spy ring also was particularly interested in asdic , the underwater equipment for detecting submarines , it was testified .
obviously , if colloidal particles bear charges of opposite sign or , if one kind is charged and the other kind is not , the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to agglomerate will be greatly reinforced .
the only area in which american boys hold their own is the baseball throw .
in addition , the right to vote the general motors stock held by du pont was to be vested in du pont's stockholders , other than christiana and delaware and the stockholders of delaware ; ;
and the eagle , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in washington posing for fifty-cent pieces .
housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs , says mr. alden and they are doing it largely because colonial craftsmen had `` an innate sense of the practical '' .
in itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and administers the institution , have their own eating arrangements .
increased customer sophistication .
the supermatic trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a 12-gauge auto .
she would see them , looking just as they had in the books , and this would make up a part of her delight .
instead of the observer's eye the image orthicon in the tv camera does the `` looking '' .
then he went on to the cheyennes and told them that the sioux was goin' to move up .
one fame is precious and luminous ; ;
contact
the total heat loss through the anode holder included also the heat conducted through the base of the cylindrical piece into the adjacent metal parts .
skolman wasn't the only one who didn't care for andy's scheme .
then the figures which held his attention became a group of shattered trees , standing like the grotesques of a medieval damnation scene .
conchita nagged at the younger children , attempting without success to keep her thoughts off tom brannon .
wards protected
his fellow-countryman , igor stravinsky , certainly did not .
often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' .
however , despite the insight of many of his observations , his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods .
o'banion was a complex and frightening man , whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen candour into others' .
the only way fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the airstrip .
the other $15 million is to be alloted to municipalities on a matching fund basis .
it is thus that the brightness of helen passes through marlowe's faustus .
.
if , as reid says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to katie king and making plans for another book of verse .
local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life .
communication .
malocclusion , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for .
in the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the department's recommendation , which petitioner repudiated but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no relevancy in the hearing officer's report and notes .
`` your fault , hell ! !
mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and hells , and gorgeously appareled priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom wielded power over souls in the other world .
one federal soldier wrote : `` the docters is no aconte -- hell will be filde with do(c)ters and offersey when this war is over '' .
but now music too ? ?
`` no , sir '' .
the men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves autocratic in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' .
the latter , members of two regiments of swiss mercenaries transported by great britain to canada to fight the americans in the war of 1812 , had settled in montreal and kingston at the close of the war in 1815 .
rawlins worked out of central homicide and we'd been friends for years .
it is still a college only and not a university ; ;
since they were hunting for national defense contracts , adam herberet , a man of surprising resources , entered the combination as a silent partner because of his political connections .
so somebody else could have come in , too -- then or later while she was out of the room .
on friday , a day as cloudless and lovely as thursday had been gray and ugly , the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus .
the essex merrimack bridge when first built was not covered .
he's got the tightest running gear in the train now .
there seemed to be a contemptuous purpose in the way he sat there with his eyes glued to drexel street and his back in opposition to the church behind him .
the symbol for division is a straight line that separates two numbers placed one above the other .
he don't care about nothing else at all .
the final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text .
if he is a traditionalist , he is an eclectic traditionalist .
they can lose higher- and lower-status members from the church without collapsing , but they need adequate recruits for the core stratum in order to preserve economic integration .
returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year .
i grinned at rachel .
the sand is fine and pleasant , the cabanas are clean , and the parasols , green , raspberry , and butter yellow , are very gay .
`` oh '' , said mr. partlow , `` that's fine , tom .
but a tsunami often extends more than 100 miles and sometimes as much as 600 miles from crest to crest .
this was a doubly bitter blow to the king .
the success of the project depended upon fiedler's flight .
the orioles got a run in the first inning when breeding , along with robinson , the two birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on russ snyder's single to right and crossed on kunkel's wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate .
implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven .
it still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on u.s. route 250 -- the old beverly and fairmont turnpike .
if one shuns , they say it is because one desires ; ;
`` so from raw materials to finished erection the costs of materials handling ( most of it inefficient ) add up to one-fourth of the total construction cost of housing '' .
the girls in the market place wore long-sleeved dresses and covered their legs with cloth stockings .
they are also trained with carbines , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other such ladies' accessories .
surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` hardboiled '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation .
i couldn't fight a dozen or so of 'em .
without a precise knowledge of germanic philology , however , it is debatable whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else .
i said .
obesity : a malnutrition .
he was not seated on the jury .
mrs. coolidge chose mama in her place .
this is a problem , but we are not divided over its importance or by its existence .
anta , his wife , never seemed to mind .
the country was now full of gazettes and samuel c. atkinson and charles alexander , who had just taken over franklin's old paper , desired a more distinctive name .
the second baking was for photographing when told she was a finalist .
the experts are thus forced to hypothesize sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might .
water is af and the h stands for hydrogen ; ;
the clapping they made on the concrete interrupted him in the ecstatic pleasure he knew , so that he quickly released his hold on the goat and pretended to be examining its haunches for ticks .
couldn't i just '' -- his voice trailed off into silence .
tibet may bleed china as algeria is bleeding france .
he hadn't come back for over two .
fury is upstanding and on the rangy side , and caper is more the compact type .
wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium , a solid substrate , soil to be removed , and the detergent or surface-active material .
thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect childhood's end only blueprints in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers .
`` you what '' ? ?
`` we have taught him a lesson '' .
self-discovery calls for an open , permissive , inquiring posture of self-observation .
toying with her field in the early stages , garden fresh was asked for top speed only in the stretch by jockey philip grimm and won by a length and a half in 1.24 3-5 for the 7 furlongs .
but it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population .
`` what about them '' ? ?
the girl's eyes were softly shining as she reached out and touched casey's hand .
shall we take them all with us , or leave one '' ? ?
a satisfactory cloud was produced even though these nozzles were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns .
in late december , the american army moved from whitemarsh to valley forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the barefooted and almost naked men .
their president , jefferson davis , interpreted their constitution to mean that it `` admits of no coerced association '' , but this remained so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the constitution '' .
he smiled .
but when it happens to you like that , i tell you , and you're a hundred feet from where you thought you were -- well , it makes you think .
if woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in the advocate .
development requires a long-term approach
willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond mickey's .
monument to togetherness
in the presence of a low iodine intake , thyroglobulin labelled in vivo with af is found to contain more mono-iodotyrosine than normal , the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and iodothyronines being correspondingly reduced .
the firm is design-conscious , sales-conscious , advertising-conscious .
it is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog .
he got off to an exceptional start last season , and under the circumstances probably won't duplicate it .
it wants to interest builders and oil companies in the idea of including its facility in their new home projects , by financing and installing the storage , piping and meters , and leasing these for 15 years , with renewal options , to a strong oil company .
she is in madame tussard's waxworks in london , a princess of the kiowa tribe and an honorary colonel in many states .
he'll choke '' .
branch offices are located in other large cities .
even the bone handle scorched , and he retrieved the marine's handkerchief to wrap it .
rhode island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated .
his presence would have interfered with her duty .
treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal .
i was all set for what came next .
and the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written .
accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at onset and completion .
the great `` sea to the westwards '' was a dead end .
measuring scale --
he knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a merciful fog .
in trying to hit it out with a sand wedge palmer bounced the ball over the green , past spectators and down the slope toward a tv tower .
may we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ?
he was tired , he had his business worries , and the sight of his wife arranging pork chops in the broiler only seemed like an extension of a boring day .
the other objectives were subordinated to it .
once again , as in the days of the founding fathers , america faces a stern test .
and that was the end .
during the greater part of jefferson's career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow virginian , james madison , eight years his junior .
`` he must have forgiven me '' , henrietta murmured to the room .
`` yeller bellies '' were cattle of mexican breed splotched on flank and belly with yellerish color .
phonemes connected by a morphophonemic rule commonly show a good bit of phonetic similarity , possible because of the several dimensions of contrast in the system .
this includes foreseeing balance-of-payments crises , with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports .
what does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ?
naturally , a park site with scenic views , a good lake , trees , and sand dunes , will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes .
frank graham , the journal-american sports columnist ; ;
the low countries , where the middle ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when charles the bold of burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of grandson .
easy to get to , and becoming more popular every year , it is only fourteen hours from new york by pan american world airways jet , four hours from rome .
in the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , p , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant .
let exactly 1'' '' of `` a '' extend beyond `` b '' and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees .
furthermore , religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of god to the intermediary and subordinate values ; ;
you have your paper horn clutched in your big , craggy fist , and for your entrance you have planned a noisy , colorful and exuberant greeting to your friends and tenants .
few of the neighbors came , but mrs. tussle came , called by tragedy .
mr. john magee , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a new yorker magazine profile as saying : `` of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us chartists that there aren't more of us .
two cities to be considered , providence and cranston , are an enigma .
in a sample of new members of pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' .
no , coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child .
each is a complete ballplayer .
but there were great satisfactions , even for a small man .
on the surfaces of both lungs there were emphysematous blebs measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter .
faber's choice ( faber hanover-sally joe whippet ) 2:36 ; ;
it does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days , but in terms of months and years it is fatal .
though he struggled with philosophy all his life , he never got much beyond the pessimism of his twenties ; ;
but now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels , green lumber is an anachronism you cannot afford .
what effort do you make to assess results of your program ? ?
using a batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose castro .
when this linear draft is completed , i dust it down to a faint image .
indeed , it is even surprising in the canon of christ church and regius professor of ecclesiastical history , who fathered this most peculiar view , and in the brilliant professor of medieval and renaissance english at cambridge , who inherited it and is now its most eminent proponent .
kinda like a zombie ? ?
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to non-political action in politics and non-military action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based .
what '' ? ?
dr. karlis osis , director of research at the parapsychology foundation , described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article , ( `` new research on survival after death '' , spring 1958 ) .
if launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the peace corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall .
he had a war reputation , but this was the kind of man women like even without medals .
he had sent the dispatches downtown to the proper people and had slept .
after signing a motion-picture contract , she came to america and had `` goodbye , mr. chips '' as her first assignment after a year's wait .
traffic and revenues on the chicago skyway have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike .
long-range state planning
thus , the larvae of the intruder can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread .
the codes are mechanism for training in , and directing and enforcing , uniform social interaction , and for continually and publicly reasserting the solidarity of the group .
-- old knife's not the only chief he'll get to do his dirty work ! !
when the whole bottom has hardened , use a disk sander to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail .
those are the nectaries or honey glands ( fig. 26 , page 74 ) .
mr. a has recovered , but he is , justifiably , a bitter man .
among them will be marc shoettle , ben shahn , nicholas marsicano , alfred van loen and milton avery .
a mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding .
then they were tumbling again , and the big man reached into the same pocket he had gone for earlier , and came up with a vicious switchblade .
for the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it .
he hated them too much to understand -- the people of this isolated law-unto-itself world that was lord's world .
but a resumption does not seem justifiable now .
she had better stay there , lucy thought ; ;
`` what for '' ? ?
meeting u.n. obligations
ambiguity
the prediction was correct .
it is no common thing for a listener ( critical or otherwise ) to hear a singer `` live '' for the first time only after he has died .
he was wide awake , but he did not feel like doing anything .
exemption also allowed parent .
thompson himself said : `` i want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures '' .
a contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained .
it is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the south .
in other instances where there is no automatic block signaling , the distant has only green and yellow aspects .
their experience is quite in contrast with that of children of upper- and upper-middle-class native-born parents , who are more likely to regard education as good for its own sake and to discount the vocational emphases in the curriculum .
but if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be quadratic , or in other words , **zg must be either a af or a af curve on a nonsingular quadric surface .
for a time following the abandonment of the local plant , electric current for manchester was brought in from the south with an emergency tie-in with the vermont marble company system to the north .
he was naked except for a clout .
wellman braud , bass , and minor hall , drums .
the club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing .
jars are assembled in bowl of butter mold .
yes , the ozone from his machine would cure practically everything , he assured her .
if she sensed any unusual preoccupation on the part of her mother , she did not comment upon it .
hub was sitting in a chair that blocked the hall door .
mr. kennan , who has recently abandoned authorship for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed american ambassador to yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future .
how far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the new testament means by koinonia ! !
farm workers had their wages cut almost in half .
they are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace .
mr. barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for juniors -- with which he is very familiar .
two years later he became director of the frankfurt opera , where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the hitler regime .
this leaves the ordering of entries variable .
hence af and the minimal polynomial is simply x , which says the operator is 0 .
gloomy and unkempt as red mciver was , he was much the better painter .
the intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text ; ;
since we can neither undo nor redo the past , we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow .
the materials for a double-wall shelter would cost about $700 .
the jails were filled to overflowing with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure .
on the third floor one of the two windows was lighted ; ;
`` hey , this is pretty close to a wart-hog '' .
the reporter nodded as he moved up beside him at the bar .
the basic purpose of an effective collective-bargaining system is the removal of wages from competition .
a harsh cry floated to him across the brush .
in addition to the functions of religion within man , there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society .
richard e. cohn , grant ; ;
congratulations to n.c. for successfully delving into the heart of the problems that face the peace corps .
and i was plastered and i blew my stack '' --
but problems cling to pools , as any pool owner knows .
the republican party was not lacking in humanity , but it permitted its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble .
and if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy .
her white blond hair was clean and brushed long straight down to her shoulders .
other posts would be established up the ohio and wabash to protect communication with canada .
what did pearson say about bridget sullivan as a possible suspect in his trial-book essay ? ?
but what had i done , trying to keep us pure ? ?
day after day some new episode is reported .
if a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , i try to place them in the initial sketch .
he took his glass , clinked it against mine , and said , `` toujours gai , what the hell '' ! !
the boy waited at the corner , with the jar of water held up to me in his hands , and the water had grown bubbly in the heat of the morning .
and that action always caused her to lift her lip from the sting of the thing .
the providence daily journal stated that although the guilt of brown was evident , the south must guarantee him a fair trial to preserve domestic peace .
each return required three cards and involved key punching 228 digital columns .
( 2 ) willie mays of the san francisco giants borrowed a teammate's bat and became the ninth big leaguer to stroke four home runs in a game ; ;
there were fantastic flowers without perfume , and gaudy birds without song .
the younger men , vere , and pembroke , who was also edward's cousin and whose lusignan blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused edward of carnarvon's irreverent friend , piers gaveston , to nickname him `` joseph the jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but pontissara had been on missions to rome before , and hotham , a man of great learning , `` jocund in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an archbishop to boot , was as reliable and experienced as othon himself .
sometimes , on a return trip , the aviator would `` go upstairs '' high over the clouds .
turning the housing clockwise will reduce tension , counter-clockwise will increase it .
if an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic arsenal we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it .
she was wearing her dark hair in two , thick braids to attain an `` american girl '' effect she thought was appropriate to halloween .
dr. r. a. lyttleton , a lecturer at st. john's college , cambridge , and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the university of cambridge ; ;
by early summer , he wrote from laramie that he was suffering from the wound inflicted in the ambush and was in a bad way financially , so pels sent him a draft for $100 , warning that it was still not wise for him to return .
the new fact the initiates of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity .
he threw off the light blanket and swung his feet off the bunk , to the floor .
he would wear this same costume in florida , despite his wife cleota's reminders over the past five days that he must take some cool clothes with him .
in the cow camps , tom horn was regarded as a hero , as the same kind of champion he was when he entered and invariably won the local rodeos .
when he finally did he had to duck his head quickly away as the pitch came in .
i won't be guilty of trying to run his life '' .
it is equipped with an outside water gauge that will indicate the level of the water in the wheel .
the steeple leaned backward , while the church advanced like a headless creature in a long , shapeless coat .
he bent down , a black cranelike figure , and put his mouth to the ground .
he didn't tell her of the long board meeting where bobbie and john were weighed one against the other .
humiliation made matsuo tremble .
i can never pronounce it '' .
on the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an alderman , and the charge was nolle prossed .
it is much more a personal difference .
he had dusted each of the books carefully and carried them all to the basement and , trembling at having to open the big furnace , given them up to the flames .
united nations , n. y. , june 18
i got there at 9:47 a.m. , found her strangled .
it is beyond the province of this epilogue to cover policy questions of such depth and range .
the chances were against his being here to humor her when her time came , she was sure .
it was a succession of picture-images passing through his mind : the same ones , different ones , in no apparent sequence , in no logical succession .
now the government must do that ; ;
after the berlin blockade and airlift , the council of foreign ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to mitigate the effects of the present administrative division of germany and of berlin '' .
just what '' ? ?
`` now '' ? ?
`` yeah , seems you have a nice package , with all the strings tied .
it was an alien land , and she hated it intensely ; ;
are we better off for having shakespeare's idea of shylock ? ?
injury and ingratitude would occur .
the effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names .
we rode over roads so rough that our jeep came to rest atop the soil between ruts , all four wheels spinning uselessly .
judge benjamin michaelson signed the order remanding the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the anne arundel county jail .
i'll let you go back to doing the dishes now '' .
alpers , robbins and rall , 1955 ) .
some of them are driven over the borderline of sanity and lose contact with reality .
`` i'll see '' , morgan said .
i don't get it why this time i should pull such a stupid trick '' .
you get business where the business is , not where it isn't '' .
so meltzer learned a new trade from banks , who supplied the town and the hotels with meat .
he kept his attacks on republicanism for partisan campaigns , but that is part of the game he was born to play .
i felt lonely and depressed as i stared out the bus window at chicago's grim , dirty west side .
there is hardly a jazz guitarist in the business today who doesn't owe something to django .
same date , johnny lasalle trio to the jolly roger .
it's year-round , and everywhere .
as such , it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a `` message '' .
volume 1 , containing parts 1 and 2 was published in 1951 ; ;
what are they doing on mars '' ? ?
eating while angry had given her a slight indigestion .
most people did .
he is the sort who , with an appraising eye , would cross the street to help a strange woman on to a bus and then pinch her .
observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him operating in a totalistic fashion .
age ? ?
an almost too-simple-to-be-true way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road .
helps control shipping dysentery and coccidiosis in lambs .
it is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand .
`` oooo , square bit '' , feathertop screwed his face up .
trenton
cricket took eight ships and went south across the straits and along the north coast of mindanao to cagayan .
there was no doubt in my mind that if i crossed him , mobs would appear outside our windows shouting `` paredon ! !
reply :
she traced it to a storage room .
what we need is to get back to the group , to learning and apprenticeship , to the cafe and the school '' .
this is less than the length of a jet runway -- well within the circle of destruction .
we designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours .
their privations are almost beyond endurance .
`` out .
it was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of refining the recollection , that will last as long as there are jews .
this involves step-by-step progress , and such will have to be the day-by-day work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry .
for mother to be able to call , susan must be napping now , surrounded by her multitude of dolls .
high nutritional value , variety , palatability , and appetizing appearance are important for reasons of morale .
during the sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building .
if the cardinals heed manager gene mauch of the phillies , they won't be misled by the pirates' slower start this season .
why not make a beginning with a united and disarmed germany whose neutrality and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the big four powers and the united states ? ?
`` seems to me last time i was here the grate bellowed out smoke as it might have been preparing us for hell '' .
the texas aggies got a day off monday -- a special gift from coach jim myers for its conference victory last saturday night , but myers announced that halfback george hargett , shaken up in the tech game , would not play against trinity saturday .
here the pulmonary vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the bronchus , and to follow a more direct , independent course to the hilum ( figs. 23 , 24 ) .
the denverite has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center .
the girl kneeled by her husband with one arm at his back .
for destruction of insects -- about 25,000 aj .
during the following week , six tons of hay belonging to one rancher were burned ; ;
lawrence lipton , in the holy barbarians , stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure ; ;
it took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a gimbaled compass welded to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the land rover bounced about .
that ain't too bad 'ceptin' the light company's so busy you can't ever get 'em to do nothin' '' .
for the figure of vincent berger malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of t. e. lawrence ( though berger fights on the side of the turks instead of against them ) , and like both lawrence and malraux himself he is a fervent admirer of nietzsche .
the rice wasn't dosed with opium , indeed it had no taste at all , not a grain of salt .
this fiery swath was actually only a belt of minor planets , almost like the asteroid belt in the original solar system .
inside the crown , stuffed behind the stained sweatband , could be seen thin , crumpled wads of currency .
his mouth hung slightly open .
it all seemed rather hopeless .
the fences stretched on endlessly .
the dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew german ambitions toward rome and sicily .
he had belonged to this land and , perhaps , had desecrated it -- and this was the only material symbol that remained of him .
this is an exact description of what mr. sansom does .
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action .
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the united states , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear ; ;
better show it to anne and see if he had omitted anything .
the west texan reported that he had finally gotten chairman bill hollowell of the committee to set it for public hearing on feb. 22 .
already he could feel anne's questioning eyes .
most of their original objections about `` shells '' were overridden by the relief that these hideous ( to them ) bodies were mercifully concealed .
the final mailing of the questionnaire was made late in august , 1960 , to 4,900 firms consisting of 3,450 from the aia list and 1,450 from the tr list .
`` range delivery '' meant that the buyer , after examinin' the seller's ranch records and considerin' his rep'tation for truthfulness , paid for what the seller claimed to own , then rode out and tried to find it .
i know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades .
finally , the conception of the natural community of all possessions which originated with the stoics was firmly fixed in a tradition by more's time , although it was not accepted by all the theologian-philosophers of the middle ages .
he finished the war as a major general , commanding a full division , and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the u.s. army .
`` on the side toward the horizon -- the southern hemisphere -- it is spring ; ;
as for states' rights , they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as irritations of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as anachronisms .
he could read on the nearby scoreboard that palmer , by then playing the 15th hole , was leading him by a stroke .
but it might give way shortly to another vexing issue -- that of finances in state government .
if he wondered whether the attackers would allow him to pull away unmolested , he had his answer a moment later .
could your future , your immediate future , be made to include taking us upstairs , giving us a bit of space in which our friend can work , and making available to him your finger tips '' ? ?
if i am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love , i will have to stop trying to emulate the transcendant nightingale .
if breasted agreed , they would get a car and tour the country , visiting every kind of industrial center .
after a lengthy workout yesterday , an open date , hemus said that bob nieman definitely would stay in the lineup .
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man .
unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate .
those who actually get there find that it isn't spooky at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight .
yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the taped interviews by teams of psychotherapists and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ;
there was no moon .
`` nelson played magnificent football '' , meek praised .
masu's home economics training comes into play as she designs cupboards along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials .
`` we can breathe out there , all right .
hence the minimal polynomial for af is af .
this time the initiative came , in part at least , from washington .
`` three shots in that fella 'fore he hit the ground ! !
traitor indeed ! !
1 .
she finished her hamburger and drank her coffee and paid her check ; ;
`` here , idje , you fella like tabac '' ? ?
don't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain ; ;
if the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology unconditionally , the position of the `` right '' is clearly untenable .
the future would happen ; ;
`` i know '' , jones said dejectedly .
what is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly differentiate them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast self-enclosed jewish cosmos with relatively little contact with the non-jewish world .
there was too little occasion beforehand for resistance , the brave strong delights of emotional clash and meeting .
like a particle drawn to a magnet he returned to that which was pressing so hard in his mind .
the figure five is important in insurance .
david wolverton , sharon flanagan , and james weaver of w. w. samuels ; ;
tommy was interested in psychiatry , because there was much an understanding nurse could do to help the patients .
the mouth was thin-lipped and wide , the long cleft in the upper lip like a slide .
arthur williams's might well have been included , he felt .
dr. louis lalaurie stood on the veranda at the head of the driveway and watched his carriage as it approached the pillared mansion .
he invited lady sybil , lord thomson , bechhofer roberts , and a half dozen others .
hebrews 14 .
her `` rockabye your baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` the man that got away '' were deeply moving .
but i have no memory of that .
.
determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment .
arthur hays sulzberger has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to american journalism on the occasion of his retirement .
she snapped .
use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants :
time was when the house of delegates of the american bar association leaned to the common sense side .
at will , the voice of the auctioneer , the voices of the bidders , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in mr. podger's hammock purchase .
the measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone .
he demonstrated by playing an imaginary piano , doing a staccato passage with a broadly exaggerated attack .
whenever she found time , she went blackberry picking with him , and they would come home together , mouths purple , arms and faces scratched , tired enough to forget grief for another day .
`` jake carwood .
president kennedy's invitation to the spanish-born master said , `` we feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' .
then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling .
forty-six of the 53 juniors who mailed in entries were present .
bayreuth next summer
it is not making them sensitive to the sub-christian level of much of our economic and industrial life .
the nation-state , then , exemplifies the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control .
curiously , this scene is a close parallel to one that verdi was writing at the same time , the scene between amonasro and aida .
in a detailed letter published in the scientific american in 1912 , he remarked that `` loose statements '' about the case showed scant understanding of the facts .
the announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the u. s. of both approval and disapproval .
monday , he had four longhorns in the top four .
it indicates the same thing but it is meant to pertain more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as outboards .
both these types , and those in between , are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at albany as early as 1950 , with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state .
having received permission to give a camp reunion-halloween party , she asked that i come and be her date .
the tax court decision and a similar earlier finding by the ninth circuit court of appeals challenges a year-old i.r.s. ruling on the subject .
to the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation , to that extent it contributes directly to increased exogamy '' .
holidays , time off , overtime
it is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter .
from that time to this my religious concern is that i might give effective help to the bringing in of god's kingdom on earth .
`` for instance , hesperus agreed to help me find my property , and i agreed to take him to earth .
concerning the sentence the editor asked , `` what else can virginia do than to hang the men who have defied her laws , organized treason , and butchered her citizens '' .
so i made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' .
being based on so few events , these results are of dubious validity .
the primary decomposition theorem
this group had been palfrey's greatest worry since anna was in bad health , and her children were too young to work for their keep .
mark stopped the car and switched off the lights and they sat looking at the water , which , there being no moon out , at first could be distinguished from the sky only by an absence of stars .
it was the first blow that was always difficult .
but i mustn't start on alice .
the trial balloons are afloat .
there were gigantic blisters and rope burns on our hands ; ;
an open field was better than a building , that was for sure , so he dismounted , turned off the horse , and plunged through the grass .
other countries , some of which i visited last month , have similar needs .
a summary of meteorite data , prepared by whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in table 5-1 .
tonal morphophonemics is much more confusing to the beginning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics , even when the total number of rules is no greater .
since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living .
he would consign the cash box into the hands of jed hawksworth , then stand by while his employer checked the contents and the list of items sold .
krim came to believe that `` the novel as a form had outlived its vital meaning '' .
whatever we felt about the redcoats , we respected them in terms of their trade , which was killing ; ;
michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it .
it came again and again .
we opened on friday and closed the following monday .
if he missed it , never again .
the champs elysees is literally littered this summer with the prostrate bodies of france's beat-up beatnik jeunes filles .
the staircase itself seemed still to be echoing the heavy footfalls of many men .
straightened out -- they'd had years of making all that money ! !
this time there was no sound of brakes but the shrieking of women .
as he left the bandstand to return to his office , the slender , sun-tanned chief executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests .
one kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` you feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' .
( b ) a message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be relayed more than about six consecutive times .
on one visit he stopped at the office of the american , where he was known surreptitiously as `` the great white chief '' , and for the first time met his managing editor , fat moses koenigsberg .
a fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail .
the laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons .
yet the press was powerless to put these charges in perspective in its news columns .
booth had delivered his line .
and then eichmann was quoted as saying , in non-english , that hitler's plan to exterminate the jews was nonsense '' .
conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others , a point is chalked up for the intrinsic , objective meaningfulness of this type of mediumistic material .
come home or i'll come find you '' .
in any case , i have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by englishmen , even in devonshire and cornwall , where anti-catholic feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest .
mr. khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his adversaries and to be a shrewd judge of men .
he did not let her choose her own food .
or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged , its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified , or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head .
the gallbladder contained about 40 cc. of green-brown bile and 3 smooth , dark-green calculi measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter .
the new president is in no position to start out his dealings with moscow by issuing callable bluffs .
they looked so formidable , however , so demanding , that i found myself staring at them in dismay and starting to woolgather again , this time about francesca and her husband .
in the house , the southern-republican coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the administration's housing bill , while more jockeying is expected in an attempt to advance the aid-to-education bill .
but she had to go out and hurt herself .
menshikov hit washington with a tv announcer's grin and a hearty handclasp .
less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include fenugreek ( artificial maple flavor ) and cardamom .
i didn't want to stir things up .
parents have to find other ways of comforting him .
curt was too involved in his own problems to pay much attention .
the discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great , and it does not escape the notice of others .
`` have you ever operated a transit '' ? ?
early in june , the discovery passed `` desolation '' ( southern greenland ) and in mid-june entered the `` furious overfall '' .
although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a vista of `` gloucester harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in sloan's art .
the last two were a red and a black chow .
solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection .
denver , colo. ; ;
some way '' .
i must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals .
that's because the good professor teaches only weider methods at his famous montreal health studio which is located at 1821 mt. royal east in montreal .
he read a special announcement whereby hurrays would feature a special floorshow at three a.m. starring adele ( the body ) brenner and fourteen glamorous schoolgirls .
we find `` reluctant recruits '' whose values are not in line with their expected occupation's characteristics .
on the other hand , if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession , he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism .
no , other than cleaning out the pores and making the sweat glands work harder .
perhaps the jewish students at brooklyn college -- constituting 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower-middle class jewish student .
the knowledge that most americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic amateurs and collectors .
it is followed by cain street and piedmont avenue , ne ; ;
pony poindexter , alto sax ; ;
in these respects the vases of the early eighth century represent a culmination of earlier lines of progress .
-- what then '' ? ?
you couldn't stop 'em ; ;
so something like this matters more than it would at home .
she admired him .
`` there was also gott strafe angleterre '' , moreland reminded me , `` and carthago delenda est , or if you will , deus strafe carthage .
in recent years anna xydis has played with the new york philharmonic and at lewisohn stadium , but her program last night at town hall was the greek-born pianist's first new york recital since 1948 .
among infants the patterns of emotional responses are similar ; ;
i forced confidence into myself .
they could walk , ride on a bus or be driven .
somehow more terrible than the certainty that he was about to die was the knowledge that lord would probably not suffer for it : the murder would go unpunished .
he turned away and returned in a moment with a pint of brandy in a small paper sack which he slid over the counter to shayne .
some are also in albania and others are on loan to egypt .
`` you aren't one of us .
john sold the big old place in sewickley and bought a smaller house in fox chapel .
end ( fresnel reflection ) losses ( r ) ; ;
however , some formulas are used more than others .
at the same time , there is a good deal of self-congratulation at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not inconsiderable virtues -- and they express pleasure at the cozy in-group feeling that the college generates .
the enormity of what conrad had told him made it impossible for gilborn to accept , with any degree of realism , the actuality of it .
sonuvabitch , i can't figure out what in hell for they went and put niggers in my squad for .
more than half of the sorghum and barley seeds we produce and most of the byproducts of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock .
`` i'm sorry , mr. morgan .
namely , the law that prescribes the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no extenuating circumstances .
they would reach him at almost exactly the same instant .
this is being done both by the revaluation of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property hitherto neglected or ignored .
if you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby .
francesca and herbert considered themselves violently nonconformist and showed the world they were by filling their colonial house with contemporary furniture and paintings and other art objects ( expensive , but not necessarily valuable , contemporary things ) .
two slits enabled observers to watch across the river .
he had just paid a brief visit to the frick collection to admire his favorite paintings by rembrandt and franz hals .
these remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the oceans , will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth .
there is a vast difference between the community of reconciliation which the new testament describes and the community of congeniality found in the average church building .
ideally , the president would like the french to agree on a `` status quo ante '' on bizerte , and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the mediterranean base .
they're all being used on offensive missions '' .
it is the gradual unfolding and deepening of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story .
as i got off the trolley at kehl bridge the next morning , i was met by what looked like 5,000 students , some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming `` battle '' with the police .
he went on to the next building and found what he expected -- the mingled cooking aromas of a public vestibule .
the occasion for this marathon : angel's long-awaited reissue in its `` great recordings of the century '' series of the schnabel-pro arte version .
among arrests reported by the federal bureau of investigation in 1959 , about half for burglary and larceny involved persons under 18 years of age .
gunfire saves the moon
`` all you have to do , ilka dear , is to phone on your arrival .
commanding the continental army for six long years of the revolution , he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory .
if the soup tastes like dishwater , your employees won't blame the concessionaire .
ten years ago they blew up some of our ditches .
they will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them '' .
replied the senator .
telegraphers at the depot at this time were aaron c. burr and mark manley of `` burr and manley '' , dealers in lumber and dry goods .
the similitude of god , by contrast , is that which makes a man a child of god and not merely a rational creature .
they had their first real fight , and bobbie went off to get drunk .
of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread , but the children liked it better .
mrs. molvar , who kept reiterating her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` we must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' .
he thought : only in my heart can i make the world hang together .
for such an emergency he had included fourth-of-july cannon crackers as part of their equipment .
why she doesn't charge him , i don't know .
what makes this long and diverse tradition essentially one is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a distinctively modern world .
now he saw that both the man and woman were moving slowly and irregularly , staggering , as if they found it a struggle to remain on their feet .
still , he had liked the way she had looked , in a fresh , neat cotton dress -- citron yellow , if he remembered .
therefore , because reduction in tasks results in reduction of forces required , the plan should provide for expanding area coverage .
children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered under-achievers for the purposes of sample selection .
moreover , by systematically varying the operating conditions in the first stage and always using the optimal af-stage policy for the remaining stages , we shall eventually find the optimal policy for all r stages .
the show is programed and written by the station's assistant continuity editor , chuck briefer .
now that israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions , the secularists are less disposed to compromise .
a retired professional killer if he was just a nut , no harm was done .
although the brandywine population is still predominantly rural , `` there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities .
if you ever try anything without my orders i'll kill you '' .
dr. verdi had told him to deliver his package in person .
( 2 )
their flight was delayed , dunn said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane .
) here again mr. justice frankfurter could not lightly accept the principle of wholesale judicial legislation .
it is here that the local and ecumenical must meet .
british traders from south carolina incited the indians against the french , and there developed french and british factions in the tribe .
the value of the products you can raise on it .
the motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and effecting economies in vehicle operation .
under the capable direction of the choir's founder , geroge bragg , the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of renaissance and baroque madrigals and motets , excerpts from pergolesi's `` stabat mater '' and all of the britten `` ceremonial of carols '' .
naturally , he couldn't let his shipmates know this .
in addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- homemaker , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to bolster the family in its individual and collective coping and integrative efforts .
that evening turned out to be hell like all the others .
yet even if he could get the necessary approval , fourteen of his negroes could not be manumitted without special permission .
washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management .
this is a public bathing beach , easily accessible by tramway from the center of athens .
no one complained of the white wine either : at this altitude of two thousand feet , grapes acquire a dryness and the tang of gunflint .
he was remembered chiefly for his fearless advocacy of abolition , but he also stood for equal rights for women , for opportunity for the freedmen , and for prohibition .
at the same rate '' .
but his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures .
we can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves .
cereal grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented beverages .
the importance of loving tenderness is obvious .
so if all these beers was to get me in bed , man , you just spent a lot of money '' .
by swaying the balance between them , he effected the alternation of the seasons .
that is , everyone but keith and penny .
that fewer women are named miranda than elizabeth ; ;
yet he remains the fiercest of competitors .
( cf. brodbeck , 1959 : :
requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made .
but a modern oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic , and for renouncing the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies .
the modern world has been marked by progressive disaffection with claims to divine sanction for the state , whatever its political form .
fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change .
his wife taught the two boys to read and write danish .
in the prepolymer system , the isocyanate and resin are mixed anhydrously and no foaming occurs .
even as she called to the children , conchita let her gaze seek tom brannon .
he was frightened ; ;
when a person meets god's requirements for the experience of forgiveness he is forgiven .
ask jail deputies
the united states hopes that any future lao cabinet would not become communist dominated .
she was no schoolgirl , refusing to bear tales .
it is interesting to note how many of the plants on massachusetts' route 128 draw most of their income either from the government in non-competitive cost-plus arrangements , or from the exploitation of patents which grant at least a partial monopoly .
these differences in turn result from the fact that my yokuts vocabularies were built up of terms selected mainly to insure unambiguity of english meaning between illiterate informants and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that hoijer's vocabulary is based on swadesh's second glottochronological list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined .
well , she had not come back to great island to be understood , praised or condemned .
their great error is to mingle the responses typical of each of the three types of change .
in classical drama , such problems do not arise .
the straight line would symbolize its uniqueness , the circle its universality .
i know that i myself felt that it was a mortal shame for a man to be torn open by a british musket ball , as isaac had been , yet i also felt relieved and lucky that it had been him and not myself .
michelangelo found the rabbi in the room of study , a gentle old man with a white beard and luminous grey eyes , robed in black gabardine with a skullcap on his head .
the september-october term jury had been charged by fulton superior court judge durwood pye to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the hard-fought primary which was won by mayor-nominate ivan allen jr. .
two committees pondered 375 possible kimpton successors , including adlai stevenson , richard nixon , and harvard's dean mcgeorge bundy .
i had turned at the corner of the field and i had to look back to raise the plow and then to drop it again into the earth , and i was thinking of the boy and the water anyway , and when i looked again down the furrow , the snake was there .
i have also taken the old servants of your father as a matter of conscience & justice '' .
check its inhibitor effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer .
the suburban high school , it is worth noting , also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs .
he pointed , cutting her off .
both flugel and ranyard west deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as niebuhr and buber .
famed cellist pablo casals took his instrument to the east room of the white house yesterday and charmed the staff with a two-hour rehearsal .
she was a child too much a part of her environment , too eager to grow and learn and experience .
she let the interpretation stand .
`` you're gavin's son '' , joe purvis had said .
`` you have made the labor worth while '' , he said to her , smiling .
with their customary source of supply cut off , the fort garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the mississippi country .
he felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl .
the present study relates to the theory of functional systems .
and in the context of drifting personal utterances we have examined , there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such evasions .
by 1871 l. c. orvis , manager of the `` western union telegraph company '' , expressed willingness to send emergency telegrams on sundays from his village drugstore .
in addition , there were difficulties with the flow and spreading of the foam mixture over the mold surface , trouble with lack of gel strength in the rising foam , and problems of splits .
is that -- i mean , ' do you know ' '' --
and surely his scapin has a fresh directness , a no-nonsense quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant .
not seeing her dark intelligent face , one would have gauged the voice as that of a westwood village matron , ten years out of iowa .
the government of the united states of america may utilize rupees in india to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in india and other countries .
the church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine author : it involves no frustration of nature's laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them .
deity and law are one and inseparable .
for , unlike the sioux and the crows , the aricaras are not great horsemen , nor are they aggressive like the savage blackfeet .
party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own .
spencer's potential followers were openly sullen and morose , missing muster without excuse , expressing in ominous tones their displeasure at the prisoners being kept in irons , communicating with the three by glance and signal .
`` i would say depressed , not impressed '' , i told him .
naturally , he couched the provision in obscure language .
it was possible , however , to decompose the compliance into a sum of a frequency-independent component and two viscoelastic mechanisms , each compatible with the boltzmann superposition principle and with a consistent set of time-temperature equivalence factors .
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it .
one year i simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and i had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my neighbors' experience .
with the loss of the emperor diety in japan , the people are left in confusion with no god or moral teachings that have strength .
the first two forces are directly interrelated and depend upon film thickness , whereas af is independent of these two and is a constant for a given knife/coating combination .
one of the reporters called to him : `` anything new , lieutenant '' ? ?
exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from shafts of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches .
seen by the public , the musician is the underdog par excellence .
schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmic vibrancy , and impetuous intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one .
the brevard visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later .
important aspects of the kennedy textile plans are these :
and in a concluding chapter about america's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain misplacements of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling riddle of our time : how to deal with a wily and aggressive enemy without appeasement and without war .
additional codes can be used to challenge and counterchallenge the authentications .
letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels , painted on the first surface , or handled in other ways .
`` you're a sweetheart -- but leave one line open .
but for many of us , it will prove an enjoyable luxury .
he did not care .
i stared at her , almost speechless .
old man arthur had put down the suitcase to open the front door .
she was glad the fat man had left .
the space between them is filled with pit-run gravel or earth .
the last thing in the world that resembled a war was our line of farmers and storekeepers and mechanics perched on top of a stone wall , and this dashing rider made us feel a good deal sharper and more alert to the situation .
duclos understood what was bothering rousseau : that the writer of the prosopopoeia of fabricius should now become known as the writer of an amusing little operetta .
he recalled lucy , as `` a bright-looking black-eyed young lady who came regularly through the boys' study hall to join the class in greek in the little recitation room beyond '' .
but chains of movements are not necessarily communicative , and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing .
only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on june 8th ; ;
in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the secretary of the treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be made to the assignee , as his interest may appear .
only when a decision is rendered by the district court of appeal ( or , of course , the supreme court ) is a binding precedent established .
the state ballet of rhode island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the state , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ;
winslow had musical talents , as had his father before him .
we went to the louvre for a few hours , then by metro to a cabaret in montmartre .
sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the owner's earnings , even into his capital .
there is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and harmful c. & o. - b. & o. merger scheme '' --
he had two productive periods , one in the late 1860's , the other in the decade from 1910 to 1920 ( half of the dated poems are from the latter period , and these alone total about one-tenth of all hardy's poems ) .
vince swore again .
what's your motive ? ?
the spirit of the marine corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it .
there have been cooing doves , chattering magpies , thieving jackdaws , a proud peacock , a silly goose , and a harpy eagle -- whom i was silly enough to mate with and who is now busy tearing at my vitals '' .
in this respect , boats can be compared with houses .
the life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of andrena , but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer , and the individuals hibernate in the prepupal stage .
( the new nature , received at the time of regeneration , is divine and holy , and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin .
what has it all come to ? ?
instead of a necktie he wore a leather bolo drawn through a golden ring in which was set a lump of pale pure jade .
no further firing .
she asked him .
for an instant his men hesitated , unable to believe that their lieutenant , the most popular officer in the regiment , was dead .
the contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , i fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it .
hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the thames .
and django owed much to louis armstrong .
the liberal-radical heritage which informs all of trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period .
although this technique is simple and satisfactory , one practical difficulty does exist : the direction of true north must be known for each launch point .
this class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance .
viola had been urged to attend , by telephone , and not knowing the host or the character of the party , she had gone .
with lower levels , thyroid hypertrophy and increased thyroid blood-flow enable the thyroid to accumulate a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine .
the boy jerked away .
assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces .
i started to say something else appropriate , but the man had hung up .
john tried to dissuade him .
it said in part :
lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile sights .
poet shook his head , sliding his face mask up on his forehead .
list the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month .
he was a bright and handsome young man from new york , who worked for the same steel company as john did .
temperature symposium .
your fur has been rubbed the wrong way and you show it .
argon was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction .
homes and factories and schools and a big wide federal highway , instead of peaceful corn to rest your eyes on while you tried to rest your heart , while you tried not to look at the balloon and the bandstand and the uniforms and the flash of the instruments .
this warns the chartist that the formation in progress is quite likely to be a top .
he was courteous and casual about it , as though it were of no consequence .
i'm going to become a good nurse , and i've got two baby brothers that are going to have college if i have to work at my profession until i'm an old maid to give it to them '' .
`` and what makes you think you're going to get it , pretty boy '' ? ?
occasionally they would write to the slaves .
`` jumping jerusalem ! !
assumption 1 .
`` my god '' .
as it is in so many affairs of the heart , a man and a woman meet and something clicks .
`` the heart '' , i said finally , `` is now either in the throat or the mouth or the stomach or the shoes .
first of all , it is now known that pope john sees the renewal and purification of the church as an absolutely necessary step toward christian unity .
no organization can carry on like that .
in every aspect of service -- to the public , to children in schools , to colleges and universities -- the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services .
but still , the proposition is worth examination .
a man in mississippi wired : `` thanks for drawing 258 -- that's me '' .
gran harrow exclaimed , watching their rippling muscles as rod and dan swung her up into the load .
after 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among protestants and those of protestant background of the older stock .
the most bizarre situation .
but cousin simmons said he had watched them marching west early in the morning , and moving at a much brisker pace it had still taken half an hour for their column to pass , what with the narrowness of the road and their baggage and ammunition carts .
his whole objection , indeed , seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets do have great power to influence , but plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself .
these factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible ; ;
he became a fighter pilot after the stint over the hump in the big crates .
this was also a corpse -- a male , judging from the coral arm bands , the tribal scars still discernible on the maggoty face , the painted bone of the warrior caste which still pierced the septum of the rotting nose .
during the civil war period mr. brown also invented the brown & sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately revolutionized the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics .
after that they had sat for five minutes without saying a word .
a `` lineback '' was an animal with a stripe of different color from the rest of its body runnin' down its back , while a `` lobo stripe '' was the white , yeller , or brown stripe runnin' down the back , from neck to tail , a characteristic of many spanish cattle .
bill jr. , 20 , kathy , 15 , and patricia , 9 , round out the shea family .
place the template ( fig. 2 ) on the fabric so that the sides of the 10 inch square cut out of the template are parallel to the warp and filling for woven fabrics , or the wales and courses for knitted fabrics , and so that the same amount of fabric extends beyond the edges of the template on all sides .
a recent newspaper report said there were five negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at yale ; ;
`` i know .
do this exercise six times each class period .
the corporation , in filing its final federal income return , claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense , as permitted under u.s. tax law .
john stiffened in anger .
concessionaires were to be under the supervision of the directors .
at one point in the game when the skinny old man in suspenders who was acting as umpire got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there unattended while players and spectators wrangled over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score .
and then , with this god on our side , we can face the whole world without fear .
there was a feeling that this mission would be canceled like all the others and that this muddy wet dark world of combat would go on forever .
ant bites were eased by applying liquid bluing .
it was flat , definite .
in presenting plans for such express buses before the montgomery county council , the administrator of the ncta , c. darwin stolzenbach , was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be launching .
i think we were very tired , for we awoke at the same moment , deeply rested , surprised to see the late morning sun on the windows , which were wet where the rime had melted .
the dharma dictionary , a list of highly unusual terms used in connection with eurasian proto-senility cults .
now and again he murmured something that ended in a giggle .
meager and shabby by-products linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty protagonist ; ;
he cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' .
you may reclaim your property , and the penalty on hesperus is lifted .
this applies to repair work of winter storage .
where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same .
for many immigrants , for many children , the first thing they knew of israel and freedom was your mother .
as we bulletin'd way back , he'll wed pretty rosemary strafaci , of the golf mag staff , in n. y. c. today .
the platform angle **yf is the angle about which the gyro is controlling .
in concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem .
`` it's dave who is applying to hanford college .
the lab to check .
his face was still creased in pain as he studied the underside of his arm .
the flat-bottomed boat swung slowly to the pull of the current .
if pressed by the sitter for more detail , she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply , almost as if she were physically going closer .
they had a son -- killed in the war '' .
with a roar of pain and fury jess made his attack .
each specimen is at least 25 inches by 25 inches .
long live tobacco road .
( c ) the need to allocate country resources .
he recalls with a wry smile the wit who said , on returning from a homecoming reunion , that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they didn't even recognize him .
to maintain their intermediate position in the larger society , it is not only necessary that members of this population be `` visible '' , but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate , distinct grouping or system in society .
sometimes she took the path that winds up around my cottage to the walk at the edge of the cliff .
her thick hair was the color and texture of charcoal .
a message of less than fifteen words to bennington cost twenty-five cents .
the need that we not give unqualified approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual doers of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that white citizens' councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence .
to practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step .
extend the number of classes .
the cells were washed three times with saline , anti-human serum was added , the cells were resuspended , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination .
`` when and if it can do so without jeopardizing constitutional and statutory tax-exemption privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , emory university will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the university without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of christian higher education '' .
`` it's a kind of agreement in which each party gives something to the other '' , jack said .
and he would see her that evening .
g'ahn back home ! !
`` it says water works , but there is a policeman on duty , too '' .
reaching across the side of the stall , he slapped the buckskin on the rump .
hudson pointed the discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called hudson bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the pacific .
211 pages .
prevents and treats acetonemia ( ketosis ) in dairy cows .
the aristotelian notion of catharsis , the purging of emotion , is a persistent and viable one .
apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , cohesiveness , and permanence .
the selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by british fur traders .
the bristles are soft enough to massage the gums and not scratch the enamel .
any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security .
she looked up and saw that , without knowing it , mrs. coolidge was holding it aloft .
there was nothing he could do but wait .
after a while the signal became a buzz and i knew he was behind me .
spice-nice , counseled by georgia-pacific corp. , had previously taken first-place honors in both local competition and the regional conference at san francisco .
such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets .
like mr. loesser , jerry herman is both composer and lyriist for milk and honey ( r. c. a. victor loc 1065 ; ;
4 .
i want you to be grandfather to these orphaned poems , dear father-brother , now i am gone ; ;
with the vertex at af in the c-plane we assume that af is the parametric location on c of an ordinary intersection q between c and af .
it was a disturbingly familiar face , too , but i couldn't remember where we had met .
it is known that morse did associate with a group of itinerant horse traders who made their headquarters at westport , a town not far from fall river .
1 st. john 4 : 7 .
i knew that i'd soon be back working as an orderly at the hospital or as a counterman at union news or schraffts while waiting for another acting job to open .
she had a funny little scar on her stomach , on the left side .
captain heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the bay of bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters .
orlick might almost be magwitch's bogy man come alive , a figure of nemesis from pip's phantasy of guilt .
sessions devoted to `` ethics and foreign policy trends '' , `` moral principle and political judgment '' , `` christian ethics in the cold war '' and related subjects proved to be much livelier under this procedure than if catholics were merely talking to themselves .
when consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad progressions of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep .
the film consists of a series of still , transparent photographs , or `` frames '' , 35-mm.-wide .
i got a quick look at their faces as we went past .
under yakov segal's direction , it begins stirringly , as crouching soviet and nazi troops silently scan each other , waiting for the first surrender gesture .
so in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could amplify , project , or augment man's control over himself and over other men .
how come '' ? ?
the older scales were based on theoretical estimates of the conversion efficiency of kinetic energy into light .
homemade bread
incapable of self-delusion , the founding fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave , and yet they had confidence that america would surmount it and that a republic of free peoples would prosper and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty .
they are self-correcting in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and recheck against error .
john found it difficult , but he held him in check .
sometimes she displays amazing eidetic imagery and seems to see all details in perspective , as if the scene were actually there .
drug elevates the metabolic rate of the cow .
if the temperature is controlled properly , the avocado will delay its ripening until needed .
it is definitely a `` spiritual guidance conference '' .
i didn't ask for a jeroboam of champagne '' .
since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the pacific , but only one was of any consequence .
participating members may attend five of the concerts for $9 ( not all ten concerts as was erroneously announced earlier in the chronicle ) .
and with sober purpose , because the development of prokofieff personifies , in many ways , the course of music in the union of soviet socialist republics .
but i liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at key west long after hemingway had moved to cuba .
`` i'll show you how wrong you are .
they despise males who brag of their strength ; ;
the best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high evaporation leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth .
a great many writers are bewitched by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear rockets .
from march 3 to may 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on dexamethasone , 3 to 6 mg. daily .
lord , love us , look at all the disconnected limbs floating hereabouts , like bloody feathers at that -- and all the eyes are talking and all the hair are moving and all the tongue are in all the cheek .
in spite of the hundred things he had on his mind , winston went and put his arm around her waist .
forty-five new clinico-pathologic conferences were prepared , bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution .
directed by grigory kozintsev in a tempo that is studiously slow , he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an impious world .
problems of taxing personal property .
cobb unleashed a single powerful jab that sent gyp reeling wildly and crashing down with a whining groan .
allso that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured '' .
this was the point at which he finally took the lead in cubist innovation away from braque , never again to relinquish it .
come on -- the key .
a better world may yet come out of hiroshima .
he looked at his son , his face worried .
her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at mcneil island last april for robbery of the hillsdale branch of multnomah bank , also was charged with the store holdup .
music , of course , is not so explicit an art , but anybody who knew charlie parker knows that he felt much the same way about his own gift .
sooner or later , dolores would crack .
the singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place .
very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged .
deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable in determining your adjusted gross income .
even if this is some day possible , there remains the 30-minute time of flight of a missile to its overseas target .
the danger lay in the american delusion that nuclear deterrence was enough .
it is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly .
`` i never felt better in my life '' , fiske blustered .
that is , sometimes it is used to describe felt human misery , and other times it is postulated to explain unfelt anxiety and discontent .
no matter that the katanga operation is strategically insane in terms of western interests in africa .
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ;
he felt the far , cool flash of unimportant pain , as b'dikkat dabbed the wound with a corrosive antiseptic which stopped all bleeding immediately .
clearly the most provocative plays are all imported originals -- a taste of honey , by britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) shelagh delaney ; ;
an archery tournament will be held at north falmouth , mass. ( sept. 23 , 24 ) .
it introduces pimen when he comes before boris in the last act .
photographing in the northeast
it would be profitable , i believe , to read these realistic humorists alongside faulkner's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to faulkner's time .
run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure ; ;
some of the major functions of religion
this reduces to the relationship : af , where af is the intercept at zero thickness of the extrapolation of the slope indicated in eqn. ( 1 ) , af is the thickness of the coating equivalent to the rounding off of the knife tip , af is a straight line first approximation of this roundness , and the other symbols are equivalent to those of eqn. ( 1 ) .
in the following year , 1803 , oersted , simultaneously with davy , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts .
developed as a result of the multi-purpose resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , providing boating and fishing havens all over the country .
by using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three .
we officially receive the anti-french , moscow-allied algerian fln , but we denounce the pro-europe , anti-communist oas as criminal .
often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat .
it is the similarity between estella's hands and molly's ( `` the action of her fingers was like the action of knitting '' ) that provides pip with a vital clue to the real identity of both and establishes a symbolic connection between the underworld of crime and the genteel cruelty of satis house .
mercer squeezed the man's shoulder .
`` doctor '' lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes .
i hate it '' .
it cuts the lumber dealer's cost because it takes only one man -- the driver -- to unload it , and because it unloads in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading .
these regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse .
the very night after her father's funeral she had thought , though never admitted to a soul : now i can go .
states which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool .
additionally , since you're going to be hors de combat pretty soon with sprue , yaws , delhi boil , the granville wilt , liver fluke , bilharziasis , and a host of other complications of the hex you've aroused , you mustn't expect to be lionized socially .
honest , kitten , that's all it is -- i don't even like lucille much '' .
for example test 3 , e 1 refers to a specimen which has been washed by procedure `` 3 ( '' ( at 160-degrees-f ) for a total of 60 minutes in the machine , has been dried in a tumble dryer by procedure `` e '' and has been subjected to restorative forces on the tension presser by procedure `` 1 '' .
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed .
the norms , as elements , refer to `` all criteria for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system '' .
she said , semi-professionally .
the final step was a vote for a $230,000 bond issue for the construction of a sewage system by the 1959 town meeting , later confirmed by a two-thirds vote at a special town meeting june 21 , 1960 .
below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties .
this small pore size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode .
however , it is important to trace the philosophy of the french revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former .
he thought of simms purdew rising up , fearless in glory .
she jerked the coat back on and squeezed it around her again , but not soon enough .
its force spun him around , but he recovered and got into stride again .
of straight dramas , there are all the way home , which owes much of its poetic power to the james agee novel , a death in the family ; ;
this iodoprotein does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems .
this whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on chinese thinking .
also , it requires more time as compared to the automatic approach .
its abstract decor is by john hultberg .
fury and caper worked in 2:35 and did it with ease .
let t be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space v over the field f .
and put cate's gun back '' .
while a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be reckoned in hundreds of miles per hour .
for example , the bbb has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and 10 times as many complaints compared with two years ago .
on the basis of its life history , we like to think that andrena is more primitive than the bumblebees .
indeed , he concluded that `` geographical conditions have exercised a great , possibly a preponderating , influence over man's destiny '' .
engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended .
operators were arthur koop and norman taylor .
try to find these feds .
`` not me '' ! !
the congolese were clamoring for their independence , even though most were unsure what it meant ; ;
a copy was released to the press .
two absorptions of af with ethyl acetate or two absorptions of af ( which had been passed through dowex-2-chloride ) , ns and af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining .
what is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ? ?
it should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual purification methods followed by prechlorination prior to addition of radioactive chlorine .
perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs , a little sanctimonious ? ?
and don't tell me you didn't at church sunday .
he accused pike of continuing his sticky-fingered career in arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in van buren .
like most major works of synthesis , the history of england is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind , and this is surely a major work .
the amount paid by the oil company to tri-state for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties .
for the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time .
it is the force in the universe that makes men love goodness , even when they turn away from it .
`` hell , yes '' .
clayton freed himself from the embrace and stepped back .
geometric pottery has not yet received the thorough , detailed study which it deserves , partly because the task is a mammoth one and partly because some of its local manifestations , as at argos , are only now coming to light .
the court upheld the taxpayer's contention that these `` kickbacks '' were not his income though they passed through his hands .
the next stage ahead is that of making it thoroughly at home in the local community .
the institute is engaged in an extensive program of medico-military scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology .
i say `` apparently '' although i saw jouvet as arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death ; ;
introduction
we must be ever alert that freedom does not wither through the careless amassing of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day .
`` the best thing for you to do '' , eddie said , `` is go home .
in the next few months of comparative silence , pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack , and then , displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political infighting , gained from his first bout with woodruff , he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage .
others left the country , and there was no one familiar with the indian trade .
what is surprising and pleasant is that mantle and maris , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative .
held upside down in the graveyard , pip clings in terror `` with both hands '' to his convict ; ;
the brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface , including the back of the teeth .
such were the qualities of the acting-president of the seminary after the death of miss giles .
the bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state .
they stared at him .
now forget all this other .
it can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country .
i cannot remember dr. gregory's reply , if , indeed , he made one .
exboyfriend meet exhusband '' .
and in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new american interest in how what people eat affects their health .
but while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her , ronnie has not been able to observe her progress , and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull , he sends beatie a letter of dismissal .
there was no time to pick out a penny ; ;
however , the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961 .
he was a man in his late forties , with graying hair , of medium height ; ;
her mother wrote kate of her grief at the death of kate's baby and at jonathan's decision to go with the south `` and , dear kate '' , she wrote , `` poor dr. breckenridge's son robert is now organizing a militia company to go south , to his good father's sorrow .
this strange person quarrels with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the highroad .
`` -- so even if we was as dumb as you take us for , we could still find it '' .
`` unfortunately '' , says chief postal inspector david h. stephens , who has prosecuted many device quacks , `` the ghouls who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' .
where in europe was he going now ? ?
this changes the formula to an `` equation '' .
the saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect coombs test in the following manner .
that the tremendous volume of general motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of general motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ;
in berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in german and this was issued in french translation ( paris , 1813 ) under the title recherches sur l'identite des forces chimiques et electriques , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists .
it was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs , and , just as the first lady stepped off the last tread , mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the blue room to greet her guests with the president .
he had written out the license number of his car but had transposed the last two figures , an old dodge which is still good .
find out whether fire protection , sewage system , gas , water mains , and electrical lines are available in the locality .
well , now we have two big theaters .
fort lauderdale
he also had , at times , an uncanny absent-minded air like a sleepwalker ; ;
in the midwest , oxidation ponds are used extensively for the treatment of domestic sewage from suburban areas .
i snuggled up close to him -- loving him -- thankful for a man like him .
blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in france and italy , wine in moderation .
now a family man with three children , fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the lockheed plant at sunnyvale .
after pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the moldboard , i lifted the lines from the dust and found hitched to that plow the finest team i ever held a rein on .
these proposals would reduce the amount of tax that dupont stockholders might have to pay -- from an estimated 1.1 billion dollars under present law to as little as 192 million dollars .
tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable .
get happy , junior '' ! !
for years he wore hand-me-down suits and homemade paper collars , was even driven to scrounging for cigarette butts in vienna's gutters .
while the interpretations that have been given are inferences only , they gain support from such comments as the following , which was made by one of the kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not , on the first trial , perceive the tilt illusion .
such fascinating novelties in the score as the fugual treatment of `` on the side of the angels '' and `` politics and poker '' were handled splendidly , and i thought rudy bond and his band of tuneful ward-heelers made `` little tin box '' even better than it was done by the new york cast ; ;
the last essential to the beginner's gymnastic program is the somersault , or forward roll .
a confederate observed that the yankees were : `` thicker than lise on a hen and a dam site ornraier '' .
for example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' .
after thompson came to london to live , he received a letter from katie , which was dated february 8 , 1897 .
given a theological lead , i asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays .
armed forces day proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor
neither was henrietta hoydenish like jo , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like henrietta's , was the feminine form of a boy's name .
had there been another `` brain '' ship at the base at the moment , helva would have been guided to make the first move .
`` hell , that's all right , buddy '' , the indian ( i now guessed ) said .
the apostle paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the new testament : `` he that spared not his own son , but delivered him up for us all , how shall he not with him freely give us all things ? ?
`` maybe in time to make a cross and dig our graves '' .
sol phillips had purchased the alliance furniture mart seventeen years ago .
a shadowy couple who call themselves peter kroger , bookseller , and wife , joyce .
her concern for the natives of borrioboola-gha was so intense that she quite forgot and neglected her son peepy ! !
sure , ticonderoga went broke in the low-priced market bucking the big three .
in the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed , yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy .
`` no , thank you .
so far the platoons on left and right fielders don't seem capable of carrying the load .
but , how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces ? ?
transport properties of air .
ideas , in and of themselves , are not necessarily the greatest good .
miss doyle as beatie has a great fund of animal spirits , a strong voice and a warm smile .
dolores stood motionless in the doorway .
i nodded .
each specimen is approximately 16 inches square .
) what it does :
a year ago the negro radio association was formed to spur research which the 30-odd member stations are sure will bring in more business .
issue no. 1 .
the education function of the institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants .
thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman .
it is this modulation which reveals to jacoby his own frightful abjection and , simultaneously , his wife's infidelity .
purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases .
at the opening of the dusseldorf show , thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time .
from fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from mid-september to june .
in most cases , these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action .
freshman average , completes the birds' spring squad at 49 players .
wouldn't the wanton destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete subjugation ? ?
`` nae , man '' , said willie , `` ye must be countin' the echoes '' .
you should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it balance-wise .
but there is nothing we can do to stop soviet russia from granting de facto recognition to east germany .
the surgeon carried a cage of live pigeons .
but it is plain that a warning system , however efficient , is not enough .
the kid '' .
she had dug a hole for each bulb , each tree wore a tag with her writing on it ; ;
when jones too drew away , she returned to a thorn bush in the neck of land running into the gully , crouched low and waited as before .
with a bold arm , he dared once more to obstruct them .
`` are you positive you'll be all right by yourself '' ? ?
they were `` personalities '' .
a true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of diversities without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a multiversity -- should stand for .
in his dealings with offenders , however , morgan was typically firm but just .
even he , wanting her , afraid of her and not knowing how to press his suit , feared the evil presences in her metabolism more .
that was almost forty years ago '' .
a btu is a unit of heat , and the btu rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour .
they were camped beside a large column-shaped boulder : a man , his lubra , and two children .
she had skipped her lunch hour in the fear that he might call while she was out .
automobile practices in other states .
i made you a man '' .
he raised his voice .
but the book is written around a somewhat dizzy cartoonist , and it has to be that way .
amen , amen , i say to you , he who hears my word , and believes him who sent me , has life everlasting , and does not come to judgment , but has passed from death to life .
he must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' .
each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen , at the rate , for silent movies , of 16 frames per second , and , for sound films , 24 frames per second .
our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face .
`` by winning against bradley , kentucky and notre dame on those teams' home courts , they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it '' .
just before coming to the mosque entrance i crossed the street , entered the hippodrome , and walked ahead to the obelisk of theodosius , originally erected in heliopolis in egypt about 1,600 b.c. by thutmose , who also built those now in new york , london and rome at the lateran .
at one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a cuban plot , the president talked about invoking a total embargo on trade with cuba .
as our discussion continued , the inadequacy of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident .
`` i put arger on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the stevedore account at navy pier '' , stein said .
the john harvey arrived in bari , a port on the adriatic , on november 28th , making for porto nuovo , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor .
the directors sold directly to concessionaires , who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company .
have you ever heard of thuggee ? ?
one boy who rocked back and forth over his worn book had bright red hair and freckles .
for any pencil in a plane containing a af-fold secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil .
he has felt terrible about all this .
the list of text forms in the w-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the x and y-regions are no longer required .
the entrance must have at least one right-angle turn .
buzz was a tireless instigator who never let his victims rest .
it was frustrating .
what's going on out there '' ? ?
`` hear me out , please '' , william begged .
pressure transducer for pvt measurements .
while the space merchants indicates , as kingsley amis has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and satirizes `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper .
`` you've give me the wrong change '' , said the customer sharply .
but the simple truth is that higher education has never really been an official american catholic project ; ;
`` of course i am '' , he said .
the endothelial cells lining the sinusoids were prominent , and many contained large quantities of hemosiderin .
in simpler terms , it amounts to pointing the platform in the proper direction .
he thought of simms purdew , who once had risen at the edge of a cornfield , a maniacal scream on his lips , and swung a clubbed musket like a flail to beat down the swirl of rebel bayonets about him .
until the charter of liberties was issued in the fall of 1958 , there were no guarantees of the right to assemble or to organize for political purposes .
his maneuvering for the shot had placed him near the overcast , almost inverted and heading up into the clouds .
morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system .
leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop .
however , one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one pretends that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational .
he made this completely clear .
then the wife bed-hopped to the next on the list .
they not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well .
but the cunard line , influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment , has decided to keep the queen mary in service until next spring at least .
said the digger .
one of the devices for tension management is preferential mating .
thus he wired j. p. lower and sons of denver : `` have you any percussion hand grenades for throwing in a house or across a well loaded with balls or shrapnel shot ? ?
even earlier than that he had resented the fact that i had been chosen to edit the club's reporter .
ensign vesole and his gunners had fought valiantly , but they had no targets .
the adjacent driver in lane b has three choices open to him .
cutting mechanism of cohesive failure
then it added : `` it is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' .
wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ;
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds .
he is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his .
you about ready '' ? ?
the programs do not take sides on the issue itself .
thus at the same time that william henry harrison was preparing to pacify the aborigines of indiana territory and winning fame at the battle of tippecanoe , anglo-saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the north american continent to the west of the american agricultural frontier .
they stick to their principles , insist upon their due , but grow and bloom with dependable regularity if given it .
this coming weekend they have reserved the entire stagecoach inn and adjoining country club , saledo , for festivities .
they even pay me six dollars a month .
fujimoto had a pile of cuttings near one side of the lawn .
the population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger .
thinking on submarine defense has not always been clear-cut .
qui s'excuse s'accuse , as the french jewish intellectuals used to say .
at that moment , holden almost slammed on the brakes to go back to cooper and ask if ferguson was about .
she had taken him out of the schoolhouse and closed the school for the summer , after she saw miss snow crack joel across the face with a ruler for letting a snake loose in the schoolroom .
the general acceptance of the idea of governmental ( i.e. , societal ) responsibility for the economic well-being of the american people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in american constitutional history .
bake slowly at least one-half hour longer .
he advises women to beware `` of those places which in sorrows cheere you and beguile you in mirth '' .
`` we always like to keep the ball as much as we can against denver because they have such an explosive attack '' , explained stram .
`` stop ! !
he carried the tub from the back of the house where it hung from a nail in the wall .
the demand for these lots can be met for some time to come .
the italians felt it .
he just didn't know what he was talking about , saying a thing like that .
he saw himself in a superior reflection , and he was as a speeding arrow from the taut bow , hurtling with a mad grace , his maleness shining and scented with meadow rue .
she's not chubby .
start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor .
he served `` with '' him .
an internal police operation managed by scott mcleod , a former f.b.i. man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance .
( an enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days .
terminiello v. chicago involved a conviction for disorderly conduct under a local ordinance .
she felt the lash bite and heard her father say in crazed monosyllables words which had no meaning , like , `` unnnt ! !
a blower may be installed to increase comfort .
a pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that ever i saw .
after this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; ;
all living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity , if it is only to reproduce a form like their own .
peak action photography is your goal at miami's seaquarium and the cypress gardens waterskiing events .
other sections of the 1954 internal revenue code provide for survival of certain of a transferor's tax attributes following a tax-free reorganization .
he was a member of the oakland city methodist church and a native of atlanta .
but that wasn't very funny , either .
mrs. ralph taussig , for junior aides ; ;
usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights .
not even laura .
retirement
the lighter weight also means less costly supports and mountings are needed .
`` c'est formidable '' , they exclaimed .
it was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of syndicated columnists .
justice delayed ; ;
personal predispositions tend to blunt the ear and , in turn , the voice as well .
syllabification .
most seams are sewn with backstitch , especially on curved , slanted or loose edges .
since then nothing has happened to save the life of pope .
findings at necropsy
but the old man turned on her , jerking the whip from her hand .
you could win a popularity contest at that school without any trouble .
got no business over here on a stake-out anyway '' .
he saw the starbird as she lay , her slender mast up and gently turning , its point describing constant languid circles against a cumulus sky .
morgan demanded .
brian thayer had a downtown address .
analysis
the ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the crypt of pike in the house of the temple .
in one : a package of cigarettes and a tinplated lighter , both sticky from the man's bleeding .
because of this dr. bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more thinly populated by stars and whatever else is there .
beat me to death in front of a hundred people .
but to me innocence is far less tangible .
she developed a peaches and cream complexion and a sunny disposition , and she asked for nothing more of life than that she be kept dry and comfortable and fed huge amounts of food at stated intervals and be carried to where she could watch activity going on around her .
above all , he does not debate mere contingencies , and therefore , if these are possibly dreadful , find himself forced into inaction .
the problems of color change by blanching and liquid accumulation within the package are the same as for solid cuts .
during the last years of woodrow wilson's administration , a red scare developed in our country .
in exactly three minutes , go in that phone booth behind you and call police headquarters .
the subjects for this study were randomly selected from stratified areas of the distribution , one-third as underachievers , one-third medium , and one-third over-achievers .
a pile of wire cages for mice from his time as a geneticist and a microscope lying on its side on the window sill , vertical steel columns wired for support to the open ceiling beams with spidery steel cantilevers jutting out into the air , masonry constructions on the floor from the time he was inventing his disastrous fireplace whose smoke would pass through a whole house , visible all the way up through wire gratings on each floor .
`` it does '' , shayne grunted sourly , still able to taste her mouth on his in the green jungle parking lot .
`` i'll give you a medical certificate , framed , if you like '' , miss ada had said .
on stalin :
nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the corps or its welcome reception abroad .
-- at a gay party in the kremlin for president sukarno of indonesia , premier khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said , beaming : `` look , he took everything i had '' ! !
a 5-percent royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ;
`` since when did they allow beardless kids into the saloon bars of this town , boys '' ? ?
the brahmaputra has its headwaters in the tableland of the world , the towering white headwalls of the himalayas that are unknown to man as any other space on the planet .
alix and eugene on their wedding day .
that way you may pay more to shim the window into place than you paid for the window .
she found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless .
then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that emulsified droplets can disengage themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase .
the other is that the charge for cabanas and parasols , though modest from an american point of view , still is a little high for many athenians .
what elements of our behavior are decisive ? ?
he did not mind the useless , kindly questions .
`` i feel fine ! !
he rolled toward her and took her in his arms .
cox argued that the bill is `` probably unconstitutional '' since , he said , it would impair contracts .
the various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three decimal places .
another person inside with a weight against each batten will help in the fastening .
`` pressure-happy '' , artie said , and climbed in .
tom had received four years of education at the university of north carolina and two at harvard , and fred had been in and out of georgia tech and carneigie tech and part of the time had been a self-help student .
as the new south snowballs toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the north -- a tendency which willard thorp terms `` yankeefication '' , as evidenced in such cities as charlotte , birmingham , and houston .
he wasn't going to allow himself to be led meekly to the slaughter .
`` i killed a snake ; ;
a site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs .
religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man , not god .
if you travel over the vast u.s.a. you will , no doubt , discover that feeding is an expensive business .
john salvador , a farmer from palm desert , calif. , was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit .
it was unexpected , unexpected because lilly walked with her head bent down , down , and her mark of friendship was to look into your face .
on the outskirts of the rabble the camaret brothers and gaspard favre shook their fists .
the service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced .
mike seized a blanket from a pallet in a corner , spread it on the floor and used it to form a bag in which he placed his booty .
right now , with almost cartoon emphasis , in the temporally linked complex of tshombe-gizenga-goa-ghana .
on the positive side , recent federal action has largely undermined the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the segregationist position ; ;
curt followed , reaching behind him to shut the door and hook it .
and the man who brought sweet potatoes into kanto is buried there , next to a beautiful seated statue of fudo .
as is the case with the surface-active agent , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high .
the program came out of the nbc special projects department , and was slotted in the du pont show of the week series .
we walked down the cool hall silently .
if he instructs them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity .
yet it is plainly time to make a start , and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic , without being fanatical .
they too loved their families , longed for their villages : yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare the fearful chance of escape '' .
he built a school and a library , then a recreation center and an inn .
first , wright said , he was choked by the smoke , which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town .
in 1 we investigate a new series of line involutions in a projective space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers .
but , hemphill added , bids from other contractors ranged from $2400 to $3100 per joint .
he said , turning on what was meant to be charm .
to know god he must follow in papa's footsteps .
returns received
he talked about unauthentic storylines too .
it was this fear which explained the development of a priestly caste whose function in society was to mollify and appease the angry deities .
oxytetracycline hydrochloride ( terramycin ) what it does :
despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; ;
in the range and variety of characters who , in their literary lives , get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible , there is an implicit lesson in differentiation .
`` ask whitey for a job '' .
in addition to information related to the file and its records , the file specifications contain subroutine locations and the location of tape label information .
`` hold his head up .
we are all , though many of us are snobbish enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the music-hall and picture-palace than with chaucer and cimabue , or even shakespeare and titian .
the two volumes are available from the publisher for $16.80 and $28.00 , respectively .
( i )
choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities .
to the editor of the inquirer :
picasso says that he himself had already made his first collage toward the end of 1911 , when he glued a piece of imitation-caning oilcloth to a painting on canvas .
it also implied that paul bang-jensen had been irresponsible .
for three years he was connected with the u.s. naval observatory and with the u.s. signal corps ; ;
but , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such .
you want me to drop my pot '' ? ?
not even an empty cartridge case could be found .
`` mike darling '' -- they kissed , and went on kissing .
the ball broke up in confusion .
they must be free of oil , wax and dust .
`` you're awfully kind '' , the girl said .
my hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by masu and the japan travel bureau and were more elegant than i would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- i did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well .
finally , it may have certain very important , less obvious values .
there was a man here in town .
the staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies .
other exceptions are assignments for the benefit of creditors , corporate dissolutions , transfers by descent , or transfers by subrogation .
marlin has made two contributions to the harvest of new offerings .
thus faulkner reminds us , and wisely , that the `` new '' south has gradually evolved out of the old south , and consequently its agrarian roots persist .
cheap clothing and junk of every sort , as far as the eye could see .
i went to a retrospective of his work when i was eighteen , and i thought he was a contemporary of cezanne's '' .
`` umm , uhhu '' .
this exception may be connected with hoijer's use of a much higher percentage of verbs : 22% of his total list as against 3.5% in mine .
such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer , corporations cannot .
after all , i didn't know you , pete .
of course , there was another factor .
it was curious how the different visitors took this .
he'd be an idiot to let them stay he thought , but he couldn't send them on , either .
they were bifocals .
each time he got the same answer and in the end he gave up .
he is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the utilitarian structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic apologetic to posterity for the men he has killed .
`` why '' ? ?
appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago .
if obeyed , the law brings order and satisfaction .
because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the new york co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works .
what we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development .
thus with regard to the loss of tradition , in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a disruption of the individual soul , a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent , but no longer as a man .
readers of the reader's digest are familiar with such items which often appear in its lists of verbal slips , like the ad in a california paper that advertised `` house for rent .
william austin , gary hammond , and ronnie davis of south oak cliff ; ;
connally amendment's repeal held step toward world order
the physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence , and the cut edge is joined physically , by cement , to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence .
the check had been mailed from chicago , the envelope bore no return address , and the check was not signed .
section 203 of the united states code voids an assignment of a claim against the government unless made after it has been allowed , the amount due has been ascertained , and a warrant for its payment has been issued .
it was all true .
she'd been picked up downtown , passed out in the doorway .
i do this work all on my own , because i understand the difficulties and i want to help these lay-sisters .
would early retirement of non-productive , disabled employees reduce the number of make-work jobs ? ?
no .
the suggestion that giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic , since no planter would take the risk of having negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves .
fifty yards away from the barn he dodged inside a barber's shop and came out at the back .
this will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost .
the secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales .
the theory claims to show by analysis that when we say , `` that is good '' , we do not mean to assert a character of the subject of which we are thinking .
in addition , blue cross coverage for all employees and their dependents was extended to provide the full cost of semi-private hospital accommodations .
alone , alec examined the doors .
fourth , the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality .
and that which is born of the spirit is spirit .
`` and '' , i was ticking off the items on my fingers , `` swears too much and goes out with the boys , whoever they are , too much , and who ever goes to church and won't even listen when i try to persuade him to come back to the fold '' .
i said , `` wait '' , and handed the bottle to pops for his final drink .
the dark forms moved like mourners on some nocturnal pilgrimage , their dirge unsung for want of vocal chords .
behind were privies , for there was no sewage system .
and he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` even the unitarian churches have caught the malaria , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed .
alexander walked away .
the books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the expiration of three years after final disbursement for the project has been made by the united states , whichever is later .
but most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration .
then the man he saved turned and looked squarely into the truck driver's face , without saying a word .
the tall coachman walked off briskly in search of alexander prieur .
the road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ;
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , whence his frame had been taken '' .
she was taller than most japanese girls , and had the exquisitely willowy form of the japanese girl who is lucky enough to be tall .
other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens .
but he was `` afraid of the future -- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration , a functional art of some kind '' .
she was watching me intently , a funny little half-smile on her lips .
the feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or humilation growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but all-victorious father-god , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies .
half of it was natural , half was smith college .
his own children had suffered from the weakening of those values which he and theresa had always taken for granted , and as for his grandchildren ( he had one so far , still in diapers ) , he shuddered to think that the true meaning of character might never dawn on them at all .
that's a good trunk .
also because of the storm , the streets of rockfork were deserted .
text lookup , as we will describe it , consists of three steps .
each switch occupies one digit position in a word , can be set on or off , and is considered as logically equivalent to an electronic switch .
`` don't try it '' , brannon told him , dismounting and starting up the steps with his men following .
the statement was effective .
and the major part of my mission to your nest is to make a treaty between your race and mine .
at fort ethan allen the ever-present wind off lake champlain could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot miscalculated .
inorganic chemistry
ground meats are usually prepared from scrap meats at the local level , whereas irradiation at economic volumes of production would require central processing and distribution facilities .
the command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the orchestration .
these are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies .
with the march pickup , dealers are optimistic that the april-june quarter will equal or top last year .
but '' --
any more than they have the sense to eat mussels .
the 1952 demographic inquiry in ruanda-urundi was directed by v. neesen , a member of the irsac staff , though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of aimo , which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory .
she asked , winking wildly .
laguerre hanover ( ( tar heel-lotus hanover ) , 2:30.3-:36.1 ; ;
it is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere .
voter registration began in late november 1959 and continued until early january , 1960 .
it happened two weeks ago , the night before his father left on a business trip to south america .
i don't consider that he was prejudged .
for five days now , they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold .
'' and that she proceeded to do .
corporations , being more amorphous , cannot .
he had never felt particularly close to her .
his voice had not commanded her to stop .
with all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his sails accordingly .
the radiochlorine was stored at -78-degrees in a tube equipped with a break seal .
during his second week at sea he brought the curious melody out of the instrument and suddenly wanted to force the biwa to remain at just that moment in its history when it had given him pleasure .
the newspaper too is the favorite habitat of the anatomical .
he had no chance to say another word .
the casual seduction of a seventeen-year-old bluestocking seemed tame by comparison .
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face ; ;
not for me '' .
his treatment of it is something else .
hold your fire '' ! !
we may say that his attitude was foolish , since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills ; ;
dead fledgling birds , their squashed-looking nakedness and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags .
bellows made the disclosure when he asked judge parsons to grant his client , alan clements , 30 , a separate trial .
both of them had known the feeling of the small life in her waiting , ready , for the two of them to run up her sails .
it was not a heavy , ponderous beethoven .
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet , and whose vortex is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the high-water mark .
three weeks later , following his recovery , armed with a writ issued by the catskill justice on affidavits prepared by the district attorney , cook and russell rode to arrest martinez .
that such a tradition lies behind the iliad and the odyssey , at least , is hard to deny .
when these had been pocketed , we could still spend a morning cracking open other pebbles for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull exteriors indicated .
as a naturalist living for two years at the headwaters of the amazon , he had collected specimens for mexican museums , and he had taken to the london zoo a live quetzal , the sacred bird of the old mayans .
the lower-middle class college student
the grieving hero and her father , leonato , followed by the friar , left the stage .
many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ;
but these comments are hardly printable .
armbro comet ( nibble hanover-mauri hanover ) has been in 2:38 .
and further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society .
she has shared her husband's greatness , but only within the confines of their home ; ;
mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert aggregations .
factory operations are in columbus , ga. .
the reproducibilities of helium vapor-pressure thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a `` constant temperature '' liquid helium bath from 4.2 to 1.8 af .
even when he is on the way to memphis you will still have the promise resting inside you like a gift , and it is he inside of you .
albert john luthuli , awarded a nobel prize for his south african integration struggles , has to get permission to fly to collect his honor .
getting the boss rattlesnake to help you '' ? ?
in prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life , his guards , his companions in misery .
it is accentuated by the need for pre-selling goods , and private label competition .
he placed it on alex's lap .
ordinary williams said he , too , was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election .
from here they proceeded to ( 3 ) these same areas in relation to their own future family life stages , developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other .
class three , they said .
the words were hollow .
`` standard deal , mr. skyros .
its origin lies in the selden patent controversy and its aftermath .
buchheister pledged the land would be an `` inviolate '' sanctuary for all birds , animals and plants .
we have concluded that petitioner's claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. united states , 348 u.s. 407 ( 1955 ) , and united states v. nugent , 346 u.s. 1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment .
grant all this -- still , when modern unitarianism and the harvard divinity school recall with humorous affection the insults parker lavished upon them , or else argue that after all parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience .
a substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential .
the population registration system still has important functions .
the peace corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership .
she said , `` well , those are the really interesting things , but if you don't like any of those i can turn over some of my extra typing jobs to you , if you think you can type well enough '' .
life leads somewhere .
theoretical discussion of paraxial device resolution
mostly the scene was crowded with mourners , such as the dramatic dell'arca lamentation in bologna , where the grief-stricken spectators had usurped mary's last poignant moment .
`` too much work this morning , miss sarah -- everybody gone like that '' --
no one who has studied the radical right can suppose that words are their sole staple in trade .
it is mankind's wistful yearning for a world of justice and peace .
the glow of the fire reached through the openings in the windows , giving light enough to examine mike's wound .
i won't bite , you know '' .
with her sharp tongue she'd have cut his pompousness to ribbons .
later abstractive and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience .
the whole fucken sky's caved in ! !
i was told that it is quite likely that japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ?
life , they say , should be regarded as sacred and , therefore , as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away .
i was suddenly conscious of my bare arms .
it labels the slums , especially the negro slums , as dead-end streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters .
by june 19 , 1788 , he had presented himself to its commander in chief , the governor of the southern provinces , the director of the war college -- the prince .
the aid committee's chairman in charge of the redecoration , mrs. henry francis lenygon , was in town yesterday to consult with white house staff members on the project .
at the doorway he squinted up at the gray morning overcast and patted his jacket pockets for the cigarettes , remembering then that he'd left them at the doughnuttery .
note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of drawl , one degree of oversoftness .
it is true that his first collage looks more analytical than braque's , which would confirm the date he assigns it .
i'll tell him -- if i see him '' .
as he made plans for the new taliesin , wright also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all faiths , and the idea for a planetarium with a sloping ramp .
and the coffee shop on drexel street , where the men spent their evenings and sundays playing cards , had a rose hedge beneath its window .
now richards , of course , is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go .
the entire length of the street could be raked with rifle fire from this barn .
virginia coal , delivered by ship in wales , will be about $2.80 a ton cheaper than welsh coal delivered by rail from nearby mines .
so you'll have everything all to yourself , doggone ''
pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously , and cultivated in himself those traits necessary to its preservation .
their heads were in the air sniffing .
bluebonnets and stagecoach silhouettes .
this tied in closely with the current attempt to upgrade state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive .
owen went over to the crap table and the dice were hot , but he couldn't pyramid with any consecutive success .
but we would like your permission to do -- that is , to go further if it proves necessary '' .
she looked at him impudently over the corner of the paper .
the poynting-robertson effect causes the semi-major axis of orbits to diminish more rapidly than the semi-minor axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun .
detached from their prior statuses and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to assimilate a new common culture , to converge toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus .
no comparable reductions in the cost of nuclide radiation are foreseen .
he holds that goodness and badness lie in feelings of approval or disapproval .
she had lost the extra torsos .
no one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be woefully incomplete without frequent reference to them .
plea for arms
his english was limited , and the little he knew he found irritating .
she had nothing left but her duty to his land and his son .
of course it is .
a perceptive journalist , sam lubell , has phrased it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the moderates .
recent events in the general assembly of the united nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably intensify , for the foreseeable future .
the sewage system from kansas city was not expected to serve the red bridge area for several years .
`` what happens when there's no more water '' ? ?
ginghams and calico will be popular dress for the women .
however , all admitted that the `` hindsight '' was not altogether lost .
my only hope is that it will be shared by many , many others .
improves utilization of low-moisture corn ( less than 14% ) .
he thought about it for a minute , could find no reasonable explanation for the presence of a sweater in the refrigerator , got the salami , bread , and a bermuda onion , and put the whole thing out of his mind .
nischwitz fanned six and walked only charley hinton in the third inning .
even if all these operations could be performed instantaneously , the icbm still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes .
soon he was ready to go into a three-dimensional figure in clay .
we cannot , of course , assign it any substance .
nbc had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share .
then there was the general kissing his wife .
you're a taxpayer , householder , landlord .
the eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that woodruff still held .
certain badly disillusioned market critics are often apt to feel that there is something somehow unfair , dirty , or even thoroughly criminal about this interplay of competitive forces .
i think i was what you might call a convivial man , and yet it was when i was alone in my studio , doing my work , that i really felt alive .
a good word for it is fellowship .
then he told linda kay about himself .
`` i realize that this is hardly the time to say it , penny '' , said keith .
before it cycles on again , humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low .
the poor kid -- the poor , frail kid .
other saturdays are devoted to studies of a selected american composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country .
if someone were to drop a match in here , this place would go up like a haystack '' .
the freeway with narrowly spaced interchanges concentrates and mitigates the access problem , but it also acts inevitably as an artificial , isolating boundary .
they were , in a sense , `` tried out '' in realistic situations .
`` i expect to be tough as a knott as soon as i get over the georgia shitts '' .
big hans began pouring whisky in the kid's mouth but his mouth filled without any getting down his throat and in a second it was dripping from his chin .
and unsheathing the knife she used for curing hides she stepped away from the lodge , holding the knife at her side .
the secretary of war gave his assent after studying the history of the draft in the american civil war as well as the british volunteer system in world war 1 .
their own easier , slower tempo is especially dear to southerners ; ;
they have fine fn actions and a better-than-average finish on both the metal and the stock wood .
nick's body became rigid .
he left with all the joyous spirit of a child going on a holiday , nodding attentively as rector gave him his final instructions .
their work was lonely .
a line of worry formed , a twitch pulled his mouth over to one side .
sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks .
sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death .
foster had brought extra clothing also .
the rev. r. l. brandt , national secretary of the home missions department , stressed the need for the first two years' work .
however , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' .
but the quest for such an index goes on ceaselessly , with all manner of investors and speculators participating , ranging from the sedate institutional type virtually to the proverbial shoe-string operator , all seeking doggedly , studiously , daily -- and often nightly -- for the enchanting index that will foretell the eternal secret : which way will the market move -- up or down ? ?
if d denotes the differentiation operator and p is the polynomial af then v is the null space of the operator p ( , ) , because af simply says af .
students' choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary or whimsical .
`` in my place , you'd follow such advice as you give me '' ? ?
and she wrote the libretto for an oratorio on the subject of judas maccabeus performed at the hanukkah festival which came in december .
the game is not worth the ammunition it would cost .
it was five minutes after four .
industry interest in safety goes even farther .
the keelson , made of two three-inch widths , is next installed .
in his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow .
the scaffolding , a confusion of heavy beams hanging from the gallery above , was strong and safe , but obscured visibility .
but in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to .
it's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum .
correction can save teeth
mae was his wife .
no one is stupid .
they neither gained nor fell back .
preliminary data from 1959 eta give an average impact rate of af for masses larger than af for about 1000 events in a 22-day period ( lagow and alexander , 1960 ) .
then will you give me a visa to re-enter france '' ? ?
g .
it so happened that sports writer arthur robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his convalescence .
he'd hung another half of a blanket over the boarded window so no light would show through .
`` aaa-ee ! !
`` maybe you and me will , girlie , but these two ain't goin' nowhere '' .
a fearful pain had come from his head , as if the water were coursing up through the blood vessels and expanding them .
it asserts emotion without evoking it -- that is to say , it is sentimental .
these were located at the homes of government employees , in government offices , buildings and reservations within the trial area .
so one week later , i surrendered to him in the little motel on route 10 .
it was small comfort for insomnia .
tooth fit explained
designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries .
he'd show them ! !
they all sat around and drank ice water , and the men smoked , and everybody had a good time .
old mr. thom is already down on wally , and we simply can't afford to get ken mad at us '' --
she will receive the 1961 `` oscar '' at the 24th annual neiman-marcus exposition , tuesday and wednesday in the grand ballroom of the sheraton-dallas hotel .
`` yes , julie dear .
he , like most of us , wants to be able to sit , to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors .
the following is a less extreme example of dependence .
`` i know .
something hard grazed his knuckles .
`` bully for you '' , gibby said .
a winning little `` snow maiden '' variation by the adorable galina kekisheva ; ;
what concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's no. 1 killer : coronary artery disease , which accounts for more than half of all heart fatalities and kills 500,000 americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer , five times the deaths from automobile accidents .
the feeding-pain antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the tropho- and ergotropic systems .
`` hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy , and its rays will cure any disease you have '' , said the company .
a shift in the walls , or a change in the roof slope , so the sun hits them more obliquely , can save you money .
but there has always been an outdoor air to dartmouth .
words or phrases that connoisseurs have admired as handsome or ironic or humorous must therefore lose merit and become regarded as mere inevitable time-servers , sometimes accurate and sometimes not .
this was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic .
could the ambassador himself be the man on this side the prime minister feared ? ?
between the first meeting of clerfayt and lillian and this dismal denouement , mr. remarque has laid down many pages of junior-philosophical discourse , some demure and rather fetching love-making , pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of europe , and a modicum of automobile racing .
under the religious impulse , whether theistic or humanistic , men have joy in living ; ;
they have little `` esprit de corps '' .
but in looking at faulkner against his background in mississippi and the south , it is important not to lose the broader perspective .
prince sihanouk's powers of prognostication some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions .
he must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp .
to keep them out of homes , even in the 1900's , was a chore .
although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with scotland yard , holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and mentality of the police .
`` why not '' ? ?
`` i was an art major in college '' , miss baldrige explained .
when arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of candid camera film as well as anti-submarine secrets in christmas gift wrapping , it was testified .
he had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature .
solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame .
part 1 , deals with the classification of crystalline substances by space groups and is not a numerical data compilation .
clerks and postmasters shoveled muck out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail .
even with words coming too fast , they came on the music of the voice .
his being and his will -- stevie could not divide god from his papa -- illumined every parish face , turned the choir into a band of angels , and the pulpit into the tollgate to heaven .
since the circulating thyroid hormones are the amino acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. section c ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before secretion .
one serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ;
they crowded him in that threatening way once more , forced him to give in .
but keys worries that the metrecal drinker will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food .
moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature .
he left for work in high spirits .
`` had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an allied intervention in north russia '' .
he was too old -- when he passed up and through the corridor of pines that lined the trail he could see ahead , he was passing from life .
such books are easy prey for critics .
we don't want barton's night riders loose again '' .
the walls bulged , the floor trembled , the windowpanes rattled .
mary would have to carry the human communication .
the land lies ready for the coming onslaught .
threat of war .
a phony blonde hanging onto a bygone youth and beauty , but irreparably stringy in the neck , she was already working on her second gin and tonic , though it was not yet ten a.m.
cousin john '' ! !
almost three decades ago bertha reynolds undertook a study of short-contact interviewing because of her conviction that short-term casework had an important but neglected place in our network of social services .
in practical situations there will be restrictions on the admissible operating conditions , and we regard the vectors as belonging to a fixed and bounded set s .
surely now his beloved son could rest in peace .
a veteran jackson county legislator will ask the georgia house monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the past .
there are 70 children there and the mothers donate one day a week to the school .
everywhere there are little touches of humor , and the leader of the on-stage band of musicians is an ebullient comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth .
the phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by detective william taylor and other officers .
he said , `` grosse ? ?
an explosive laugh which always carried everything before it .
`` we , the subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient number of persons have subscribed to this , or a similar writing , we will present a petition to the hon'ble general court of the commonwealth of massachusetts , praying for an act incorporating into a body politic the subscribers to such writing with liberty to build such a bridge , and a right to demand a toll equal to that received at malden bridge , and on like terms , and if such an act shall be obtained , then we severally agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said bridge the several shares set against our respective names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of money at such times and in such manners , as by the said proposed corporation , shall be directed and required '' .
a 10-gallon garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter .
the net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of comradeship , the kind of comradeship which sparks enthusiasm and blunts the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship .
in the second-order theory , one of the normal stress differences can be calculated from the first-order stress relaxation function .
what are your weaknesses ? ?
**yt is the friction angle ; ;
and to live in harmony with nature '' .
although the fort was evacuated in the face of the force of cornwallis , morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats .
she asked him and , laughing , she added , `` i was nervous about buying a book with a title like that , but i knew you'd like it '' .
`` joan , did i wake you '' ? ?
i'll bribe you with a nice '' -- he was about to say `` double martini '' but thought better of it .
on this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes .
he had hobbled downstairs into the parlor , in his agony , and was sitting , wrapped in his bathrobe , on a footstool .
in recent years america's partners and friends in western europe and japan have made great economic progress .
at the end of the half-hour , racking his brains , thinking over and over again of kitti , her friends , her past , he left the bedroom .
went out a skouting yesterday .
rev looked up and saw her .
would you like to organize teen hunters clubs , shooting programs , and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves ? ?
internal national responsibility , now a truism , need not be documented .
so far as `` sacredness '' inheres in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality , whether in lambarene , africa , or in washington , d.c. .
the basic format of the diocs statement is as follows : anylabel is any symbolic label ; ;
it might be called the `` public utility '' type because of the considerable use to which it has been put in gas and electric utility rate cases .
true , a mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed inventory .
thus , for non-negative changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active wage-setter , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence .
the many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the dictionary's contents around prefixes , stems , suffixes , etc. .
our complaint is that in many crucial areas the kennedy programs are not too large but too small , most seriously in regard to the conventional arms build-up and in aid and welfare measures .
there was nothing wrong with her job .
in a time when poetic style , and poetic belief as well , seem in a state of continual flux , hardy stands out as a poet of almost perverse consistency .
they had stripped him of his musket and equipment , and now they were pulling his boots and jacket off .
after all , the large ( and probably unreliable ) reader's digest literature on the `` most unforgettable character i ever met '' deals with village grocers , country doctors , favorite if illiterate aunts , and so forth .
he considered himself handsome and seemed to think all the girls were after him .
with a sneer , the man spread his legs and , a third time , confronted them .
expecting something more-than-average wacky , i was surprised by what we found .
entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased .
dashiell hammett resolved this contradiction by ceasing to write mystery stories and turning to other pursuits .
in our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a deae-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second milliliter fractions with sweet clover tissue powder .
a check for $4,177.37 representing the last payment of a $50,000 federal grant to rhode island hospital was presented to the hospital administrator , oliver g. pratt , yesterday by governor notte .
the questions women asked at baseball games were standard grist for amateur comedy , as were the doings of women automobile drivers ; ;
publicly , he denied everything .
with respect to items such as these the provisions of section 381(c) , viewed in historical perspective , suggest a rule requiring survival , whether the items are beneficial or detrimental to the surviving corporation .
we should like to re-emphasise the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of tsh activity and of avoiding the re-introduction of biological units .
my name's carla caneli .
`` the nuns there do a wonderful work '' , the president commented .
`` i'm sure the hotel doesn't know you're wandering around the corridors , knocking on strangers' doors and talking down eskimos '' .
but to run the gauntlet of the programs sam rayburn brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's record .
the reverend augustus woodbury , a unitarian minister ; ;
for if such were the case , either the plane of the two lines would meet **zg in more than k points or , alternatively , the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high .
you get back to the captain and tell him this : somebody's going to take a shot at the prime minister , and mahzeer is in on the plot .
`` we can boil it '' , he said .
`` solid '' , i said .
but is the result new barnsful of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? ?
debate rid us of mccarthy but did not give us much that is positive .
it might be pointed out that the integrating function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , nationality , language , class , racial , sociability , even economic .
he hung around new york , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to asheville and also paid a short visit to chapel hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots .
( some suspensions break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become asymptotic to it without breakup .
( d ) honesty in government .
a number of semiempirical estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the af bond becomes symmetric when the af bond length is about 2.4 to 2.5 a , but aside from the possible example of nickel dimethylglyoxime there have been no convincing reports of symmetric af bonds .
he approached the horse and laid a hand on the stallion's quivering neck .
he had to make jess talk , and he had to do it before stacey black got curious and came to investigate .
this method of rinsing appears to produce maximum cleansing with minimum soil redeposition .
check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by moistening surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay .
they have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to god , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him .
they went after the squall as mercilessly as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow .
demanded mary .
actually , it was inaudible to anyone not expecting it .
south viet nam's rice surplus for next year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed .
this saleslady was a failure in the dress department and was transferred to the shoe department .
this subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first .
at this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons .
but look at us today ! !
all , of course , except the donner party who were bent on starving to death .
and he ignored him , skirting the parked cars and walking up the path to the skopas house .
one tempest was stirred up last march when udall announced that an eight-and-a-half-foot bronze statue of william jennings bryan , sculpted by the late gutzon borglum , would be sent `` on indefinite loan '' to salem , illinois , bryan's birthplace .
he just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye .
it was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the german me-210 plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit .
and , as we know , the virgin lands are not producing as much as khrushchev had hoped .
2 , corinthians 4 : 3 , 4 .
such a list must naturally be selective , and the treatment of each man is brief , for i am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature .
`` she's honest as the day '' , mr. phillips said , and added , `` mr. gunnar , i can say this to you : beebe is a little too honest .
`` what a stinking world '' , rourke said .
it's a short , light , quick-handling , fast-firing little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- whitetail .
he looked at the looming hoods of the supply wagons , struck by a new inspiration .
if he failed to reach the riverbank in five minutes , say , then the skiffs would pull away and leave him groping in the mud .
the reactionary misses the point that tradition exists ontologically only in the form of psychological-intellectual relations .
the pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand , and this expansion is always violent .
but he was no man in the moon to me .
they do not move to new york , they move to harlem .
i guess she was between affairs or something , but anyway , she had set her sights on johnnie , my johnnie .
shall tribulation , or distress , or persecution , or famine , or nakedness , or peril , or sword '' ? ?
and when they stood by the fountain in the piazza looking at santa maria he had to keep a straight face , not letting on he had been there with alberto .
these questions did not surprise me ; ;
skeptics may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence .
for larger plantings , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , harrowing , disking , and cultivating .
when he needs money to buy something like , say , the rolls-royce he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies .
these are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting stunts that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) .
standing then with the others , peering into the sun , he saw the bright , multicolored legion , their hair flying like dark banners , only the thunder , the roll of drums , the mad cacophony of the hoofs accompanying them .
on the eve of his return to their native naxos he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection .
but that didn't matter .
on the other hand , if she didn't remove her own things , it would be difficult to explain to the parade of guests which traversed the apartment .
as one approach to doing this , figures 3 and 4 have be constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2 .
in six years , u.s. aid had amounted to more than $1.60 for each american -- a total of three hundred million dollars .
the city was a center of manufacture , especially in textiles , and also because of the beauty of some of its surroundings , a residence for many owners of the great industries in north alabama .
the door was locked .
sore muscles were relieved by an arnica rub ; ;
the mercers took up residence in brooklyn , and mercer found a regular job in wall street `` misplacing stocks and bonds '' .
while i respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that i would like to question .
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and christian zeal .
they can be exuberant or sentimental , flirtatious or funny , but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull .
7 .
there would be no halos , no angels .
the telephone was in the study but the ringing came from the hall .
both of them were overcome by the horror of the world in which they found themselves , because at last they could no longer overcome that world with the weapon of a purely lyrical art .
that ought to draw a laugh , nicolas reasoned , as he stored the line away on the wax tape that was his mind .
never until in this work of s-d organization have i realized and felt the attitude and experience of a teacher .
so instead i come up '' .
the study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way .
if he died before she did , she would never be unable to resist opening it .
`` don't be afraid , violet '' ! !
if we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( 11.2 per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact .
the entrance to a church has been walled up , so that the congregation , most of which is in the western sector , cannot worship god there anymore .
morgan watched the two figures for a time , puzzled .
the way eileen and i were hitting it up , we needed ten or fifteen dollars an evening .
each musical setting has an individual touch .
but he had turned a sickly green and appeared tongue-tied or panicked .
the fourteenth regiment of ohio volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes , among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment .
`` they're an expensive english shoe for walking around a lot .
her hat had come off and fallen behind her shoulders , held by the string , and he could see her face more clearly than he had at any time before .
dallas and north texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies , valued in the millions of dollars .
the yang , or male principle , was the source of light , heat , and dynamic vitality , associated with the sun ; ;
the mediums with whom the parapsychology foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly dissociated state , so that the sitter can make comments , ask and answer questions , instead of talking with a `` control '' who speaks through an entranced sensitive .
designed for summer comfort are the shoes illustrated .
families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool .
poor john will take it as a miracle and have every other independent steel company sitting up nights worrying about us '' .
with either of the gradients described , chromatography on deae-cellulose separated agglutinins of the abo series into at least three regions ( figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity .
the third choice , negotiation , presupposes , as russian behavior demonstrates , a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable .
during the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at 2-degrees-c by surrounding the apparatus with ice .
his fists clutched so tightly that his knuckles hurt .
birgit nilsson will be starred .
also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command .
the very faces of the people bore this expectation of fun and pleasure .
turning to the reporters , she asked , `` did you hear her ? ?
actual mileage allowances are well-administered and not unduly expensive for the state .
killpath said , `` you were expected to report to my office twenty minutes ago , sergeant .
first was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb ; ;
hey , will you look at that '' ? ?
let's take 'em home '' .
for the rivers , the 4 represented the huai , to the ( then ) southeast ; ;
time marches on ! !
autocollimator .
yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far astray in guessing what his age actually is .
he did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were .
the great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that lured people toward them with an almost irresistible force , mobilizing energies and inducing sacrifices ; ;
gulf's holdings could have been converted into 2,700,877 shares of union oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash , according to union .
if , in a certain part of the range , it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other ( relatively large ) giants , and reaches maturity at , let us guess , 18 inches longer than the others , a quadrupling of the maturity length would result in a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet .
`` now , now , you're just guessing , sergeant '' .
`` remember the night will rogers filled a tooth for me between numbers '' ? ?
mr. and mrs. robert moulton now live on wilshire and the franklin moultons on s. windsor blvd. .
the scr process , with its precision corner-posts , its precision guide lines , its working level scaffold , and its hand-level brick supply takes eight manhours to get set , but once ready it makes it easy for bricklayers to lay a thousand bricks a day .
hez looked up at the high face of emigrant rock , official signboard for the raft river turnoff , and gloated , `` seems funny that them burnsides never took time to leave their john-henry up thar '' .
she picked up the baby and nuzzled her fat warm little neck .
`` why don't you name him jesus christ ! !
hong kong , india and pakistan have been limiting exports of certain types of textiles to britain for several years under the `` lancashire pact '' .
) `` that's the way i am '' , he says .
william , he was called , in honor of the man who was at once shelley's pensioner and his most bitter detractor .
both were under the meet mark of 1.10.8 set in 1950 by mal whitfield .
she drank and pushed back her gingham bonnet to wet a kerchief and wipe her face .
it inspires confidence in his institution's determination to establish goals and to achieve them .
but the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes : `` so we are married -- now how do we make the best of it '' ? ?
conceivably the submarine defense problem can be solved by sufficient forces .
i shook my head .
some tasty frank toppings are chili con carne , coney island sauce and savory sauerkraut .
thus there is a clearer division of authority , administrative and legislative .
he could throw himself on the mercy of the police department .
there are brain-wracking searches for the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea .
`` i guess we both felt it '' .
still , it seems in the far future .
petersburg , virginia , and fredericksburg , virginia .
the commands are specified by the military regulations ; ;
leaving aside the choice of unilateral cessation of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice .
the latter include the
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted , they would wash their hands of the mess .
however , when there's a job to be done , i'm a monstrosity of grim determination , i like to think .
pels complained : `` litigants and witnesses were put to the expense and inconvenience of going long distances to transact business ; ;
steam baths
mike ran down the line , slashing picket ropes with the bayonet .
that is , one must know something about d other than the fact that it is a linear operator .
microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive cytolysis and contained large numbers of gram-negative bacterial rods .
diversity of perception , yes ; ;
these gentlemen are calling for a resumption of testing -- in the atmosphere -- on the greatest possible scale , all in the name of national security .
`` well , how could that have been ? ?
the taking of depositions , he suggested , should be placed under a special court examiner empowered to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude immaterial testimony .
now that's not regulation , is it '' ? ?
this was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the 1.25-cm emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by piddington and minnett ( 1949 ) .
to hell with john .
i mean ''
the battle had to be fought .
`` surely , captain , you did not find my name on any suspicious paper or anything '' .
`` there goes our grub an' ammunition '' ! !
without a tremor , `` god forbid '' ! !
when his head came down , curt grabbed him by the hair and catapulted him head first into the wall .
this letter might not have been necessary had our efforts to meet and talk with you been more successful .
numbers of registered persons in four age-and-sex classes were counted each year .
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin .
i huddled miserably beside him in the truck .
`` just our luck '' ! !
coeditors are j.d.h. donnay , g. e. cox of leeds university , and olga kennard of the national council for medical research , london .
what is the trick '' ? ?
the year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue .
i've given willful hurt to no man .
he was , and is , with the rand corporation , a nonprofit pool of thinkers financed by the u.s. air force .
no one should wish to deny these purists the obvious pleasure they derive from all this , and to give fair warning where warning is due , no one who becomes fond of wines ever avoids acquiring some degree of purism ! !
as soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made .
5 .
he said , `` captain , may i speak , please ? ?
inside , bunks are framed up and installed as indicated .
i wrote her that i'd met up with eileen and that old bonds had proved too strong and asked her to send my clothes down by express .
`` i don't remember any overalls at all '' .
but mr. robards' now , oh my yes , indeed , yes ! !
some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read .
cried one professor after a few months of student schiele's tantrums and rebellion : `` the devil himself must have defecated you into my classroom '' ! !
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : provided , that if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified executor or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the comptroller general of the united states to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ;
in spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of newman and other tractarians of the 1840's and 1850's , the catholic segment of england one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or 800,000 ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public .
such a statement would be the rankest form of oversimplification .
and now the east was creating government agencies for which the west doubtless would have to pay .
to be passive , to be girlishly shy was palpably absurd .
they somehow made me expect to see him launch into a vaudeville tapdance routine any moment .
his election , on the other hand , would unquestionably strengthen the `` regulars '' .
now , the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees .
productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public .
as he went out he told freddie the dinner was perfect , and when he got his hat and coat from nancy parks and put a fifty-cent piece in the slot , he told her to be sure that it went toward her dowry .
a strange relationship between joan fulbright and himself .
its building was first proposed in 1791 , when a group of citizens , mostly newburyport men , petitioned the general court for an act of incorporation .
two were in the same band 18 years ago ; ;
similarly , when a reporter once questioned lincoln in cryptic fashion , lincoln refused to make any further statement .
the dome of the church is , outside of st. peter's , one of the largest in rome .
the new english bible ( the old testament and apocrypha will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the king james version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the bible to all those who will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' .
then when miss langford was on the end of the line of girls , jack , in the middle of the line , gave an extra hard pull and the young teacher sprawled backwards , sitting down hard , her dress flying over her head .
but he liked the smell of delphine's perfume .
to support his large family hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service .
`` but i couldn't do that , even if i were home '' ! !
a systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help .
no one the medfield police had questioned professed to know any more about him than about johnston .
`` oh .
these revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire new york central system as well as the new york area commuter and terminal freight services .
this country has not used them , and i hope that we never will be compelled to use them .
this broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the always-present criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive , and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided .
charlie spent the next two days in his pajama bottoms , waiting for the fire in his back to subside , and used generous quantities of the hand lotion .
there is ample evidence from many sources that the af bond in af is symmetric .
and so , still wondering and a little perplexed , he grinned at the girl and spoke lightly to make sure that she would know he was kidding .
but barring a miracle , and don't hold your breath for it , chicago will not see the leningrad-kirov ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the maryinsky and is one of the great companies of the world .
a state of parasympathetic `` tuning '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the parsympathetic reactivity of this structure to direct and reflexly induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic reversal : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions elicits in this state of tuning a parasympathetic response ! !
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future .
but after all , you never learned anything else '' ! !
`` visa ? ?
it put you off .
electrical pickoffs .
in man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of goitre is about 100 **ymg per day .
the fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from new orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat .
the exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the southwest ( `` koshare in the dust '' , a vigorous indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) .
tilghman leapt on to him , dragged him upright and hit him again , this time sending him careening against the bar .
and then the application of the count rules to the width ( horizontally ) of the configuration gives us an intial estimate of the probable depth of the decline .
very few committees ever looked past the first few photos .
she was wearing a brown cotton dress , cut across the hips in a way that was supposed to make her look slimmer , a yoke set into the skirt and flaring pleats below .
the small and large intestines were filled with gas , and the jejunum was dilated to about 2 times its normal circumference .
he could have left for weybosset street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar .
snow buried the streets and covered the slanting rooftops , as john trudged toward st. peter's .
the material is all basically of folk origin , gleaned from every section of poland .
early that day matsuo saw a marine .
he tightened up in a twinkling .
`` i've got to have help '' .
he ain't so bad .
he brushed by the idiotic boy and lumbered heavily up the stairs .
the nonreactors had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' nonreactors and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies .
i , one that was specifically adapted to the san joaquin valley .
you know the facts ; ;
he snapped to alertness at andy's entrance .
each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer .
if and when hino decided to tell him about his experiences , he would do so unasked .
) , had listed himself for mormon beard roles at the instigation of his fourth murder victim who had said : `` with your beard , dear , you ought to be in movies '' ! !
stop it , i shouted , but the lumbering and mighty tractor roared on , above anything i could say .
`` sounds like real love '' , owen said .
the pilot lagoon was located as shown in figure 1 to serve the area just south of the existing housing area .
these questions touch the root of confusion in the prosecution's case .
alec expected an indignant denial , but there was no response at all .
or at least not to joyce .
since two of these could be trustees of the college , actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue .
thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief `` structuring '' experience .
now would you care to have us say that you were misquoted in regard to it '' ? ?
the uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ;
)
one block along the via de burro ( in front of the church ) will bring you to the stock exchange in the old temple of neptune .
it is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments ; ;
but to make it stiffer , of a really putty-like consistency to avoid cracking , we added a little hydrated lime -- hard on the hands , but we could see no other disadvantage .
even the eyes of the smallest children seemed malicious .
because community not severalty of property is the law of nature no man can assert an absolutely unalterable right to what is his .
if the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced .
the two governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the agreement will not displace usual marketings of the united states of america in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries .
there had been the dancing class -- miss craddock , thin and tireless , with her supervising wand and her everlasting one-two-three , one-two-three .
a `` splash party '' at the new pool , which i had built in the hope of keeping letch away from public beaches , when letch and a certain aquacutie stayed underwater together for the better part of an hour ; ;
the firelight played over eli's flowing white locks and rugged features .
swelling traffic .
greases , stains , and miscellaneous soils are usually sorbed onto the soiled surface .
then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is rough-sanded in preparation .
he suggested offering half to sir edward , fearing lest `` he shall thinke it to good for us and procure it for himselfe , as he served us the last time '' .
for many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain undisturbed .
when you see them again give them my love -- not best respects now , but love by god '' .
when she submitted to his treatment with the capsules , mrs. shaefer felt intense pain .
by automobile from new york , for example , you can take a one or two-day tour to annapolis , maryland to see the colonial homes and the u.s. naval academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on wednesdays ) ; ;
the importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry , however , is not in terms of volume alone .
power .
at the same time further expansion in the red bridge subdivision required the construction of additional sewage treatment facilities .
its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces .
he simply turned to mike and smiled .
after a dinner party for which she had come down to new york , mrs. lewis and casanova arrived to see them off , and elinor wylie made tart observations that indicated that lewis had been less discreet than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation .
the congress
hope surged within him .
to measure work :
he is a graduate of portland university and the northwestern college of law .
shall we teach him some '' ? ?
distally the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other , as in type 1 ( ( fig. 24 ) .
the basic unit in the church , of whatever denominational polity , is always the congregation .
for sprains and swellings , one pint of cider vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief .
enrique jorda , conductor and musical director of the san francisco symphony , will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in europe before returning home to open the symphony's golden anniversary season , it was announced .
there are two reasons for this .
the key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company's marketing problems realistically .
marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax .
out of school at 14
they threaten to strike .
land , labor , and equipment needed
aristotle's method in the poetics , then , does suggest that we should isolate the work .
a time plan is a mere convenience , you understand , and when '' -- he interrupted himself , smiling .
so long as sally's pa was coming out best on the haggle , dan didn't feel the need of putting in his two-bits' worth .
the shadows cast by the personages of greek and shakespearean drama lengthen into a greater darkness .
it was in the air .
the opening scene shows this method at its most individual .
when he returned home , the station wagon loaded with tools , jinny had gone with a friend to some meeting in the village , using the recently purchased second car .
the decoration will be presented by a. trichieri , italian consul general in boston , at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on dec. 7 at the plant , which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary .
place your power stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy clean .
`` you are right now , buddy .
past it i could see part part of a desk , a flag in a corner , a rug on the floor .
to the sac command and control post , forty-five feet below the ground at offutt air force base , near omaha , nebraska ; ;
promptly at one-thirty he entered hohlbein and garth's elegant suite of offices in medfield's newest professional building .
when they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car .
he must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel .
micelles can imbibe and hold a considerable amount of oleophilic substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately two-fold .
`` he came home unexpectedly '' .
after you have taken a breather , reverse the position of your legs so that the front thigh of the previous exercise is now to the rear , and the rear thigh now to the front , and perform the same movement in the same manner .
mr. gorboduc looked down .
again , lawrence thought a little sadly , these were the fees of poverty and ambition .
it furnishes a means of destroying insects in stored grain products as well as certain parasitic organisms present in meats .
now a little flush came on her pale homely face and enchantment in her eyes .
but he had found all of the thickets and points of cover deserted .
i hate that .
he went back to work monday .
the u. s. and soviet heads of government have met three times since sir winston churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace `` at the summit of the nations '' .
she stopped at the surcliffes' after dusk , and had a scotch-and-soda .
with his club foot he might well be grateful .
the jobless huddled in the streets outside of employment offices , outside newspaper buildings , in parks , in relief lines , outside government agencies .
this is one of the most constructive suggestions made in this critical field in years , and i certainly hope it sparks some action .
`` is it so the cannery is going to close '' ? ?
it now means , in my country , homosexual '' , i said .
i encountered many questions and great interest upon my return from the soviet union about my reactions to that experience .
much of this work has been reviewed by white ( 1944 ) and by albert ( 1949 ) .
-- but let him be ready to invent whatever falsehood -- to assail whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they hug him to their heart .
'' the external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment .
a trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target , all under practically the same conditions , may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times .
these drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhibit organification .
obviously i'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' .
but player was only one stroke back , with a 69 .
therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report .
rachel steered me along toward a school for young boys beginning to study the torah .
her eyes flashed angrily .
members of the committee include mrs. milton bernet , mrs. j. clinton bowman , mrs. rollie w. bradford , mrs. samuel butler jr. , mrs. donald carr campbell , mrs. douglas carruthers , mrs. john c. davis 3 , , mrs. cris dobbins , mrs. william e. glass , mrs. alfred hicks 2 , , mrs. donald magarrell , mrs. willett moore , mrs. myron neusteter , mrs. richard gibson smith , mrs. james s. sudier 2 , and mrs. thomas welborn .
pip himself is to feel the terror of orlick's `` murderous hand '' in his secret rendezvous at the sluicehouse on the marshes .
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency '' .
the bills were principally for hospitalization and doctors' fees during the last years of his life , and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills .
the hotel people will have scoured and vacuumed it .
as has happened so often in the past , the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and tardy .
o beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years thine alabaster cities gleam undimmed by human tears .
it quite often happens that campaigns go askew , resulting in a most unflattering deterioration of strong hands into played-out hands , just as a member of a former campaign's `` public '' may emerge flatteringly `` right '' the next time .
it may well be that the unification of europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire western world .
when dr. adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case , he gave them his personal approval of my entry , saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into germany .
the most distal airways are similar to those found in type 1 , , being composed of numerous , apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional , poorly developed respiratory bronchioles ( figs. 14 , 15 ) .
the relic worship and monasticism of the middle ages were more advanced forms than were primitive fetish worship and nature myths .
just fine '' .
such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the secretary of the treasury may prescribe .
the car began to move and harry ran after it crying , `` alfred ! !
it was a good thing that she clung to her religion , he thought .
this is the feed state of the subsequent af stages which , according to the principle of optimality , must use an optimal af-stage policy with respect to this state .
abelson and rawson , using a stepwise elution scheme , fractionated whole sera containing abo and rh antibodies on diethylaminoethyl deae cellulose and carboxymethyl cellulose .
`` is this because of what happened out there '' ? ?
mr. and mrs. george treadwell will be honored at a family week supper and program at 6 p.m. sunday at trinity methodist church .
seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer .
parkway courtesy
little war , big test
thay may say what they please but godamit pa it is fun '' .
that cold frame was my morale builder ; ;
it is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good .
the local law here would hold me till they check clear back home , and maybe more than that .
she radiated warmth and good fellowship .
against the limitless background of sky and wasteland it was easy to confirm her analysis .
rosa , unbelievably , was not yet up and about , reassurance that rosa was human .
but not having talked to the angels , he had made a wrong turn in his reasoning somewhere along the line .
this calculation results in an enthalpy rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures .
`` everybody knows i'm just a harmless , deaf old man who takes to drink .
ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate .
by this time word had got around that an american doctor was on the premises .
he threw out the hi-graders .
and like this english master , mason realizes his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem effortless , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough distillation of the natural form that inspired them .
the marine yelled and flung the hand away .
sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1 : 10 solution of af for 30 minutes , washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes , stained with af for 30 minutes , and washed for 15 minutes in aj .
you're the only man the night riders will follow .
that unused room was large enough for -- well , say an elephant could get into it and , as a matter of fact , an elephant did .
more than 11 thousand business establishments in the united states were based on cereals and oilseeds in 1954 .
she did suddenly , through the link of memory with his father , old titus , who must have been in his nineties when henrietta ran away .
( 2 ) spatiality becomes part of the tactual sensation only by way of visual representations ; ;
he will take over his new post jan. 1 .
the boy yanked her back hard , tugging her off her feet , and gathered her into the crook of his arm .
progress , or lack of it , toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive 689-page compilation issued last week by the united states commission on civil rights .
the place was busy but i didn't feel like a hun .
have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ?
if the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient .
the communist countries allocated more than $1,000,000,000 in economic aid alone last year , according to western estimates .
after all , the average american as he lies and waits for the enemy in korea or as she scans the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal citizen's comprehension and control .
obviously sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend robert henri .
of several methods employed for tagging chlorine with radiochlorine , the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory .
yet it is not only europe the play refers to .
with lizzie in the barn , the screen door unlocked and bridget upstairs in her attic room , he would have had free and easy access to the house .
mail orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the auspices of the san francisco chamber music society .
`` whiskey still , my foot '' , said joel .
this , however , did not bar finding that du pont had become pre-eminent as a supplier of automotive fabrics and finishes to general motors ; ;
gross shot another look at marshall .
`` the confusion is not my invention .
the dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation , and all alternative leadership has been suppressed .
as markets become larger and marketing more complex , the costs of an error become progressively larger .
as i have repeatedly stated , this provision is much more restrictive than the general law , popularly known as the buy american act .
this will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection .
they polished the windshield .
principles involved in an over-all concept
we stopped first at the amphitheater that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the parthenon .
the truck routes , the industrial areas with walls grimed with diesel smoke passed briefly through his mind -- back alleys were their access to a city and they could never stay .
finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them .
circular knitted fabrics to be subjected to restorative procedure 2 , ( knit shrinkage gauge ) .
but that is not exactly my point .
we do so by disproving the presumption on which it is based .
he could tell them his fears of being involved , he could explain what had happened in the old neighborhood and how mae had misunderstood and how she had held it over him -- the scene was complete in his mind at the moment , even to his own jerkings and snivelings , and ferguson's silent patience .
for example , marriage as a sacrament , much law-breaking as sinful , occasionally the state as a divine instrument .
this is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between differing schools of thought .
the final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , time available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit .
both techniques give the music purity and clarity .
recent work with radiocarbon and deuterated alcohols as solvents , however , has given evidence that metal-hydrido and carbonyl complexes may be readily formed by reaction with alcohol in some of these systems .
but he couldn't keep up with them .
the whole production this week is fresh and lively .
i took a short swallow from it myself and handed it to him .
in addition , other sections contained focal areas of recent myocardial necrosis that were infiltrated with neutrophils .
accordingly , the 1938-39 rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations .
but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of prolusion 6 , except its illusive allusiveness deserves whatever fate may be meted out to him by virtue of the egregiously stilted banter .
but what is the operational worth of a sociology which mimetically reproduces the idea of physical models ? ?
imagine that there is a blizzard over pennsylvania , but instead of snowing snow , it snows peas ; ;
john bascom went down early , too .
after a time , it occurred to her that her thoughts were not worth the trouble .
the local decorator who rushes in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications .
after all , when one has asked whatever became of old joe and charlie when one has inquired who it was sue brown married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it .
i was so scared well , i just ran to my car and came here '' .
each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done .
the east was popularly supposed to have got the country into war and into depression , dragging the west along ; ;
the carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part headless , but their exquisitely graceful nude and draped torsos and the kneeling atlantes are well preserved in their perfect proportion .
president truman's commission on higher education tended to take a liberal , expansionist position , while president eisenhower's committee on education beyond the high school was slightly more conservative .
since we are considering here relatively small diameter ( 1 - 1.5 inches ) fiber plates , their average thickness can be kept below 1/4 inch and their internal losses may be assumed as 15 percent ( per plate ) .
but they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards ; ;
i wanted to go to college , too '' --
finally he said , `` tell me about yourself '' , and linda kay told him , because she thought herself that she had had an interesting life .
the ballet originated in italy about 1450 .
the vivacity of the masquers' party at leonato's palace , with the spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting prince of arragon , cast a spell of delight .
analytical cubism came to an end in the collage , but not conclusively ; ;
in fact , nobody saw us , cop or citizen .
``
on their way , they stopped at every gas station along the main boulevards to question the attendants .
the day is now appropriately set aside to honor the american men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war .
)
but michael sept had unmasked him , revealing he had never been a bishop , but was an anabaptist , afraid to state his faith , because he knew john calvin had written a book against their belief that the soul slept after death .
the panel's action depends on the return of representative james w. trimble , democrat of arkansas , who has been siding with speaker sam rayburn's forces in the rules committee in moving bills to the floor .
frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. .
the skyline , the bridges , broadway , and the staten island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for new york city .
on the back nine he began to acquire the tidal wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament .
from the enlisted men he pistol-whipped to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape , a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike marcus reno .
at least five years ago , tom robinson of marlin made up an over/under double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now defunct model 90 action in 20-gauge size .
hypothesizing a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises .
travel allowances are well-regulated and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control .
in of all the suggestions that were made , his was the silliest the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed .
in 1957 nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new congress , and that any rules laid down by previous congresses were not binding .
`` you don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them .
fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the 1960s .
i was waiting in front of it when she showed up and told me of my uncle's indisposition .
`` no '' , he said .
for instance :
their interest remains chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which overtook thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 .
the civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger , and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps .
shedding his prison cloak , helion shot through the gates , now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a flemish worker .
he was happy enough to take the convertible and race up the hill to the blevins' , thinking that they might give him a drink .
in any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens .
she'd found it by luck most likely but she hadn't said anything and we didn't know how long ago it'd been or how many other ones she'd found , saying nothing .
if we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins .
the item said mr. and mrs. black had moved to jackson , his home town -- so the lovely lisa had been with him a year ago .
`` cromwell , of course .
pass word when there was word to pass .
since effective area coverage appears fairly remote , the requirement can be borne in mind while considering the elements : air , surface , sub-surface , fixed installations , mines , and intelligence .
he should put the police back to patrolling and walking the streets at night .
`` we'll make out .
he cites the french revolution as typifying this rigidity but makes no mention of the italians , who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances .
vincent berger's mission is a failure because the ottoman nationalism on which enver pasha counted does not exist .
there are many others .
to state fully what the bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and dearest relatives and friends .
yet each historical event remains unique .
paradoxically the council is weakest in areas that register 4- and 5-to-1 in the party's favor , strongest where democrats and republicans compete on a fairly even basis .
`` what else '' ? ?
`` sabine called a few minutes ago '' , eugene said .
after almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land .
his adventurous spirit had waned ; ;
on march 21 , 1845 the bark bashaw weighed anchor at new orleans , while on the levee henry and william palfrey waved farewell to their father's former chattels who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and jubilation .
in the popular chinese mind , ch'an ( zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated .
luke 23:34 .
push-ups
he found a jar of preserved tomatoes and one of eggs that they had meant to save .
in some programs , treatment is concentrated over a short period of time , while in others , after the initial contact is established , flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success .
however , it is not enough to bring persons to christian commitment and train them in the meaning of christian discipleship .
in one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship .
britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the american government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with britain that had been imposed after fuchs blabbed .
it is his relentlessness and unwaivering adherence to this revolutionary artistic philosophy that has enabled him to paint such pictures as `` the invasion of cuba '' .
back at the factory-to-you with the other old maids , back there she was the youngest clerk and she was thirty-four , which made her young enough to resent the usual ideal working conditions , like the unventilated toilet with the door you had to hold shut while you sat down .
now he is apparently expected to give up his evenings -- and sundays , too , for this is coming .
neighbor women , such as mrs. sidney baker , 2269 serra , sterling township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with kowalski's sister-in-law , mrs. anna kowalski , 22111 david , east detroit .
maude's long nose unexpectedly wrinkled up .
emory university's board of trustees announced friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible .
through the swathings of terror , she jabbed deceit's sharp point -- amy would be reborn , a new child , with new parents , living under new circumstances .
again and again it asked the communists to `` freeze '' the military situation in laos .
help is needed from dealers , at the grass-roots level .
according to many critics , in fact , the south has led the north in literature since the civil war , both quantitatively and qualitatively .
sam rayburn has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a combatant under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions .
by the time the fielder got his hands on the ball deegan was rounding third base and heading for home .
the american gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association .
furthermore , conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level , and several types of behavioral changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic `` tuning '' are observed .
that any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman .
they reared tall and mocking .
harry rolnick , president of the byer-rolnick hat corporation and designer of men's hats ; ;
mrs. kennedy shows a determination to change all this .
`` eve was disobedient ; ;
they estimate further that with sufficient experience and when cost-data of compact cars is compiled , the break-even point may be reduced to 7,500 miles of travel per year .
some library boards are wary of the plan .
when thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from pantasaph , mrs. king felt a proper victorian alarm .
the most positive element to emerge from the oslo meeting of north atlantic treaty organization foreign ministers has been the freer , franker , and wider discussions , animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings .
he leaned his head against the wood paneling behind him , but the vivid red images of pain inserted themselves against his eyelids .
for me , these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage , though i freely admit that i do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose .
u.s. government purchasing , specifications , and sales directory , 60 cents , are available from the superintendent of documents , u.s. government printing office , washington 25 , d.c. .
other examples follow .
he would lie in it no more .
several other examples : central and satellite
we take leave of pumblechook as he gloats over pip's loss of fortune , extending his hand `` with a magnificently forgiving air '' and exhibiting `` the same fat five fingers '' , one of which he identifies with `` the finger of providence '' and shakes at pip in a canting imputation of the latter's `` ingratitoode '' and his own generosity as pip's `` earliest benefactor '' .
`` but however we go , whatever our doom , it will not take the orwellian shape '' .
in view of eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was amiss in the terror , it is doubtful that heroic intervention by dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy .
the weird , insane sound of the rebel yell reverberated again and echoed from the distant hills .
the most appalling aspect of krim's piece is his reflection of the beat aesthetic .
where does one find such conditions ? ?
but to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in statesmanlike folly .
there have always been tales of disillusionment -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ;
pa was sure to find out .
he would settle himself into his seat to laugh .
then , after a while , she went to her mirror .
there sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of price-earnings ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual stock's performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not .
on the other hand , looking at the larger picture , is it true that pupil assignment has effectively cut off , blocked , or reduced school desegregation to a `` trickle '' ? ?
a good deal of english was spoken on the beach , most educated greeks learn it in childhood , and there were also american wives and children of our overseas servicemen .
the images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed dispassionately ; ;
on the contrary , miss mao and mr. fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as mendelssohn , dvorak , canteloube , copland and britten .
he was wounded , but fought on .
they were all completely shrouded .
hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a munich and then to a world war .
each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children .
the confused rambling of guerrilla warfare , such as most of garibaldi's campaigns were , was brought to life by trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books .
`` you don't have to tell me '' , flashed cobb .
-- emphasizes the virgin birth
long before he reached the protection of the stage door , andy was recognized .
the field-flattening property of the biconcave fiber coupler can be utilized to alleviate the peripheral resolution losses resulting with a flat phosphor-screen or coupling member .
john stood above him , his face ashen .
i don't think he ever got to drink any of it .
after an earthquake in japan in 1793 people on the coast at tugaru were so terrified by the extraordinary ebbing of the sea that they scurried to higher ground .
great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ;
pansies have character .
suddenly , one day , up it pops ! !
at least , i want to find out whether she's home yet or not '' .
crystal structures
it is a quiet but impressive room -- 140 feet long , thirty-nine feet wide , twenty-one feet high .
this gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories , ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms .
but suppose she had not taken mrs. mathias' advice and lived on like thousands of women in towns , dispossessed of love , hanging on to makeshifts , and altogether and finally arid .
the stockholder delivers his proxy ; ;
this is exactly what happened in the transition from baroque to rococo music .
it provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations .
the attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws .
the terrible power of a gun , the thing that blasted the soul out of a living body , man or beast , was one he never wanted to lose .
a guy can be an active and successful hot rodder for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems ; ;
thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be trucked to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend .
a man could make a mark there .
beaten with fear and sound and wet and chill , they crawled to the hurricane deck and looked out haggardly at a world of water that reached clear to the surrounding hills .
there was no way to know , no way to guess whether any one of them was surprised at sarah's appearance , believing her to be drugged and senseless -- and just possibly dead .
fortunately , although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length , today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student , not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of tomorrow -- that the student already is `` in the trade '' .
) 3 .
mrs. dunkel admitted the slaying and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 .
a truism is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best .
ripe pears lying in long grass , to be turned over by a dusty-slippered foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , brown-edged holes ; ;
but more important , and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind sojourner often do not see , is that these places and activities are often the settings in which persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities .
he remained there for four years before moving to rensselaer polytechnic institute in troy , n. y. .
on november 13 , 1952 , he was classified in class 1-a .
it gave her propriety .
( 1 ) the regular sections do not allow freshmen ; ;
now '' -- he looked around .
`` you don't hate me any more '' ? ?
.
even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of dehumanised humans occupying the earth until doomsday '' .
so when textbooks , like that of baker set out drawings of the ' ptolemaic system ' , complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies epicyclically arranged on their several deferents , we have nothing but a misleading 20th-century idea of what never existed historically .
in short , as frequently happens in analyses , the individual feels threatened and defends himself .
not surprisingly , this approach did not work .
this was the big man with the proprietory air and the beetling , shaggy eyebrows .
but the morton foods issue was hot long before it was on the market .
while this may well be true in general , i believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions .
for example , the huge postwar demand on the part of veterans for housing under the va home loan guaranty program seems to have largely exhausted itself .
chuck a length of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight taper 1/8'' '' long .
lucy upton was graduated from the salem high school when few colleges , only oberlin and elmira , were open to women ; ;
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts .
keep the chatter to a minimum , short answers , one word , if possible .
these observations about hardy's productivity tally with the details of his life as we know them .
she had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man .
`` remember what happened to gruller '' .
a life of gentility and principle such as cousin elec had lived had to be known at first hand .
while the cold war raged it was easy to blame it all on yalta .
her father , h. t. simpson , greenville , s.c. , and three sisters , mrs. w. e. little and mrs. hal b. wansley , both of atlanta , and mrs. bill wallace , wilmington , n.c. .
the particular recipe is a matter of individual taste .
the highly important dyer patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the a.l.a.m. pool .
her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director .
what manner of person does milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he resided at christ's college ? ?
mr. hays .
by law this is 75% for the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico .
he accepts the accidents of his brushwork because they provide evidence of the vitality of the experience of creation .
now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture .
bevel and score ends of clay piece a so that they overlap about 1/2'' '' and make even thickness .
to some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments .
in contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil wells .
the other five slash-b men followed them inside , crowding the small room .
the old man's son threw himself down , belly first , upon a concrete step , taking in the coolness of it , and dreaming of the day he would be rich .
undoubtedly , there was a good deal of gambling in both .
angry that my father was being burnt alive in the mills ; ;
throughout the work of the later ninth century a calm , severe serenity displays itself .
`` gee , neither do i '' .
laguerre hanover ( tar heel-lotus hanover ) and monel ( tar heel-miracle byrd ) in 2:34 .
now he was married to a beautiful girl , had a small son , and lived in an expensive apartment and worked for the movies .
kate moved through all the preparations and services in a state of bewilderment .
' kalamazoo guitars ' , he said , ' used by radio hillbilly singers .
chromatography .
his charges would be added to the cost of materials .
it won't open from inside .
these observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions .
tsem tubes have been constructed showing high gain and resolution .
i asked .
but if the prince fancied women and was fascinated by foreigners , he could be haughtiness personified to his subordinates .
she stood , once more listening .
we spend billions of dollars at the race tracks , and more billions on other forms of gambling .
u thant of burma
now that you offer '' .
an out-of-town writer came up to paul richards today and asked the oriole manager if he thought his ball club would be improved this year .
in these damp circumstances , he was an odds-on bet to develop pneumonia .
c .
her face was frozen into the mask of a mannequin , her body absolutely motionless .
in 1957 the social-economic approach to european integration was capped by the formation among `` the six '' of a tariff-free european common market , and euratom for cooperation in the development of atomic energy .
the company disposed of the pelts , but with what profit , the records do not show .
when she wasn't crying , she was in our bedroom fighting with wally .
spot retains the same decor although crystal chandeliers have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a remodeling job .
`` uncle sam '' was , indeed , a rich uncle to prokofieff , in those opulent , post-war victory years of peace and prosperity , bold speculations and extravaganzas , enjoyment and pleasure : `` the golden twenties '' .
the packing shed workers go on strike .
this is obvious when it is remembered that , during childbirth , the vagina must dilate enough to permit the passage of the baby .
police said the children's mother , mrs. eleanor somerville , was visiting next door when the fire occurred .
boun my , our interpreter ; ;
ellie mao , soprano , and frederick fuller , baritone , presented a program of folksongs entitled `` east meets west '' in carnegie recital hall last night .
`` i feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list ' '' , he said , meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country .
shadow over washington square
air-drifts from one area to another are , therefore , conceivable .
spurred by keen competition in our industrial system , and still further increases in the funds devoted to industrial research , plant and equipment expenditures by business and industry should rise during the decade .
unruly hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not bristle .
he does not .
well , most of our fears may be unfounded , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : why then do we have these fears ? ?
`` but i am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time '' , mitchell said .
mines need to be recognized as a major element in anti-submarine warfare employment , extended to deep water , and have their effective area per unit increased .
this exhausted wright's patience , and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a madison hotel suite .
assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue bibliographical data with respect thereto ; ;
both have brilliant speed : mantle was timed from home plate ( batting left-handed ) to first base in 3.1 seconds , faster than any other major leaguer ; ;
ironic , is it not , that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary unskilled laborer ? ?
361 u. s. 899 .
the taoists were quietist mystics , who saw an unchanging unity -- the tao -- underlying all phenomena .
all checks and money orders should be made payable to internal revenue service .
we have far less to fear in the migrant family than we have in the migrant developer under these conditions .
the choice is up to you .
starts were down 20 percent from 1959 .
when mcpherson pushed blindly through snake creek gap in a potentially decisive movement , the only cavalry in his van was the ninth illinois mounted infantry , totally inadequate for its role .
or are the eyebrows more like this '' ? ?
she'd been out with pete the night before and her gay chatter about their date lightened my mood a little .
when the skies grew dark and thunder rolled across the valley , he was unafraid .
like holmes , the american private eye rejects the social conventions of his time .
we must believe we have the ability to affect our own destinies : otherwise why try anything ? ?
the serge prokofieff whom we knew in the united states of america was gay , witty , mercurial , full of pranks and bonheur -- and very capable as a professional musician .
this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a gnomon before and after noon .
the trucks today help pay for this highway .
my heart was not in it , but , oddly enough , it remains the most financially successful picture of my career .
therefore of course i will help '' .
each morning at five fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying togs over the furnace register of his home .
at the order of the dowager electress , the hanoverian agents , supported by the whig leaders , demanded that a writ of summons be issued which would call the duke to england to sit in parliament , thus further insuring the succession by establishing a hanoverian prince in england before the queen's death .
in the small gallery used as the guests' dining room , meredith sat down at his place and , as always , began teasing the young waitress .
barbara asked , as they heard the front door close .
french egalitarianism had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of popularism .
his petition charged mental cruelty .
alex nodded to the maid as though nothing unusual were taking place and entered the doctor's room .
`` the forgotten 15 million '' -- as sponsor tagged the negro market in its first survey -- has become a better-remembered 19 million .
howard sighed .
with no company to interfere , he kept close control over all the traders .
since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also rough-sanded in that area .
historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence .
nodding approvingly and swelling with importance , the old lady whispered confidentially .
also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures .
much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures .
then he became involved in a ruckus remarkably similar to the one in plymouth .
`` roots of the blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its super-charged impact .
alex's instruction was rapid , for the doctor had to go off to the rue ecole de medecine to hear more speeches with only time for one sip of wine to sustain him through them all .
she looked at me provocatively .
yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over salem .
its blade was dazzling in the intense sunlight .
heretofore an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high personages and if it occurred in the public view .
fran and he had met about two years after she had arrived in manhattan from nebraska , or was it wyoming ? ?
stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year .
let us now give some thought to the soul .
then , when he had it pointed down the hill , he stopped to gaze at her through the window .
`` i felt that i must devote myself to the ' outside ' world '' .
you definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back .
continuation cards
not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the selden suit .
but it can no longer be so once benjamin franklin ( the incarnation of the new rational man ) has flown a kite to it .
at the dumont , a guest had come in a collapsible wheel chair .
occasionally , seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another .
whatever the military world thought , the political world approved it wholeheartedly .
an unsuccessful playwright and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists .
ultracentrifugation .
internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the industrial revolution .
his pictures were roundly denounced as `` the most disgusting things one has ever seen in vienna '' .
if rose mallory's killer acted this way , catching up with him was going to be a cinch .
what did he do for relaxation ? ?
wing commanders in the raf do not imply survival in the future either in their orders or in their attitudes , to their men or to themselves .
among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value .
although it looked like a routine technical snapback to wall streeters it was accompanied by some good news .
but there was no complaint from the dominican crowds which lined ciudad trujillo's waterfront shouting , `` vive yankees '' ! !
flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead .
but this is a public park and it's a city ordinance that the statues cannot be crawled on '' .
his black hat with its wide brim , high crown , and fur trim rode high .
any retaliatory gas attack would be airborne .
but at the end of the sitting , when michelangelo showed him the quick , free drawings , with the mother roughed in , holding her son , the model grasped what michelangelo was after , and promised to speak to his friends .
thirty-five of the 36 carbon atoms arise from aj .
`` we have nothing to hide under a bushel .
ruth was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it .
these public efforts were rare because mr. rayburn normally did his counseling , persuading and educating long before an issue reached its test on the house floor .
the window looked out on the place redoute -- it was the only window of the apartment that did .
when the patient was not allowed to move his body in any way at all , the following striking results occurred .
the bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other mammals .
he was safe in his mama's arms .
pick the flowers , keep the soil dampened , and each of the pegged-down branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season .
not by the 11:00 sun which had spread a warmth around his spot of grass in the english gardens and sent him off to sleep ; ;
cost up to $37 a year
what is more , the legends have become so sacrosanct that the very habit of self-examination or self-criticism smells of low treason , and men who practice it are defeatists and unpatriotic scoundrels .
byron , since the separation from his wife had been living in a smallish house in piccadilly terrace .
every chance i got i left the hotel to visit lilly .
still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that protestants are decreasing and catholics increasing .
a program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor .
he is apt to rear back and claim his rights .
questions about the show tonight '' .
a publicity release from oregon physicians service , of which harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between f & a and the commission staff .
so each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights .
in the $40,000,000 budget that has been submitted for congressional approval , $26,000,000 would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies .
two quick shots sounded .
but one day , she expected , he would somehow discover , without her having to tell him , that there was such a woman in the world ; ;
assuming the weather is halfway decent that day , hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this thoroughfare as president john f. kennedy and retiring president dwight d. eisenhower leave capitol hill following the oath-taking ceremonies and ride down this historic ceremonial route .
religion has its own supernatural prescriptions that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now .
although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an up-to-date picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces .
the president said he will also propose increasing , by an unspecified amount , the 540 million dollars in the 1961-62 budget for direct government research in medicine .
`` you can get something , '' nadine would snap .
another man tried to swim across the river from the east to the west , but was shot and killed .
philadelphia , pa. ; ;
first and foremost , they depend on the inhuman idiocies of the communist regime .
there are houseboats which are literally homes afloat , accommodating whole families in comfort and convenience .
this two-part bridge is best described by rev. timothy dwight , president of yale college , in his `` travels in new-england and new-york '' , published in new haven in 1821 .
this is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand .
he tried to tell the lady da , but the words weren't quite straight .
the sommelier brought the wine first , a magnum instead of the bottle i had ordered .
vernon was consummately fond of oysters , and manning's had been famous for them since the civil war .
`` i seem to remember '' , he said , `` that in an interview ten years ago you gave humor and comedy five years to live .
in 1954 i was drafted and after serving two years honorably on active duty i was not required to participate in any further army reserve activities .
don't plan meals that are too complicated .
lucretius has remarked : `` the reason why all mortals are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no discernable cause , and these they attribute to the will of god '' .
bill ruger's long-awaited deerstalker ( under $110 ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that upsets all the modern theory of high-velocity fans ; ;
the point is that in a system such as fromm's which recognizes unconscious motivations , and which rests on certain ethical absolutes , empirical data can be used to support whatever proposition the writer is urging at the moment .
the rancher was navigating his way across the flatland .
`` it wasn't necessarily all here in new york .
and i suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of american policy-makers , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously .
and in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war .
to my immense relief , she changed the subject in the next sentence : `` shall we go to the louvre today '' ? ?
( check on the payne luggage .
.
we may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by bultmann , barth , and buri .
) the sorry fact about this young man , who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball , was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed , and always an irritant to his associates , but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to orate on his skills or cut up in public .
1184 copies of the r. i. directory of manufacturers were distributed : 643 in-state and 541 out-of-state .
we take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us .
`` have you got our keys handy '' ? ?
his head slumped .
brakes howled and a horn blared furiously , but the man would have been hit if phil hadn't called out to him a second before .
the 160-ml. bath containing the calculated amount of detergent is applied slowly and directly to the running specimen .
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have octillion peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body .
you in this house '' , he always told her .
but for the average citizen , unfortunately , this is one of science's worst-marked channels , full of tricky currents and unknown depths .
theodore dwight weld ( 1803-1895 ) was especially active .
the film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required .
harris and geely .
the long-range objective of this department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the national forest system at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services .
the weeks went by , and the longer our separation grew , the more unbounded and almost unbearable my fantasies became .
he was simply writing a story that wanted to be told , and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged .
when the southern states exercised their `` right to secede '' , they formed what they officially styled `` the confederate states of america '' .
he seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere .
now , first question : the bottles .
the court limited its decision to the tax issue involved , commenting : `` it is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction '' .
`` honey '' , he whispered .
without this power we lay open any american industry which the europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others .
on the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for orphans , and the third for relief for the war refugees .
the myocardium of the posterior base of the left ventricle was replaced by gray scar tissue over a 7.5 cm. area .
to our everlasting shame , we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on hiroshima and nagasaki .
swears she recognized his voice , that tim yelled , ' it's my money and i want it ' ! !
if only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states .
it was unlocked all the time she was washing windows .
trade was based on freedom of contract , and money was lent and borrowed on contractual terms ; ;
''
he waited there and he smiled as the tractor came up , as he would smile on any other day .
the next step was construction by the manchester light and power company of a plant on the west bank of the battenkill south of union street bridge .
should i accompany her to the door of her home , or should i ask to be invited in ? ?
something of this can be learned from `` the way to the churchyard '' ( 1901 ) , an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure .
further proof ? ?
oyster salt roast -- oysters on the half shell , cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served -- was a standby at manning's .
at this time a detailed neuromuscular examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet , but marked in the shoulders , hips , and pelvic girdle , with hypoactive deep-tendon reflexes .
there was dignity and beauty in the little white flakes falling through the blue night .
asked the lady .
these could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad .
at one astronomical unit from the sun ( the earth's distance ) the dust orbits are probably nearly circular .
this resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds .
then i calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household refrigerator ; ;
`` there's nothing like buildin' from the bottom up .
the camp was a cluster of aluminum bubbles , ringed with a spy web to alert the earthmen to the approach of any being .
if the wedding party lasted late , and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before resuming the trip or making an early start , the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by confiding to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours .
you'll have the neighbor's eyes popping as well as their mouths watering ! !
his air speed dropped until he thought he would spin out .
how will the peace corps be received abroad ? ?
it is important , however , that the peace corps be advanced not as an arm of the cold war but as a contribution to the world community .
four persons died in georgia weekend traffic crashes , two of them in a fiery crash near snellville , the state patrol said sunday .
paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a spinco model r cell using barbital buffer , ph 8.6 , ionic strength 0.075 , at room temperature on whatman 3mm filter paper .
five of the tests were conducted with a polyethylene cover to simulate an ice cover .
instructive -- maybe ; ;
but just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the british navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare , capt. george symonds .
and jarrodsville was more than three miles away , down an old dirt road that the rain had turned into a quagmire .
and when i replied in this spirit , she corroborated my hunch .
it is salt po'k and skippers .
prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , well or ill .
add top last .
-- american stock exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading dwindled .
`` but bring it right back .
ludie could be hateful .
here's what i wrote '' .
elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job vacancies and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills .
the second major aspect of the election is the actual procedure of registration , nomination and voting .
he stood there , towering over them all : gentle , mighty , determined , the moving force in the group ; ;
economic analysis was never trevelyan's strong point and the england of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis .
which came first ? ?
by adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the typed transcripts of interviews , they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist .
the officers gave this account :
from this presumption it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model .
they will kneel and plead for boris' leadership in a strangely intense song , its phrases irregularly broken as if gasping for breath , but when the police with their cudgels move away , they mock and grumble and fight among themselves .
( see fig. 7 .
it is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no r's , so no oysters .
the unknown was so much worse than -- what dangers lay ahead for her ? ?
they were husband and wife , and myra had no right muddling and chilling their marriage .
a press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle .
no return address whatsoever .
( but that is another story .
he was well aware that some inventors and their allies used their patents solely for nuisance value .
today the yearly import into the united states of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds ; ;
he had a feeling that the girl meant trouble .
one wonders about its applicability to people .
it is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible .
`` talk to whitey jackson '' .
-- make him lie down ! !
you know what ? ?
the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality .
they had ruined the radar warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares .
they grew louder as the indians charged again .
some agents have been shown to be much more toxic or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to aerosols of optimum particle size than by the natural portal .
light , especially daylight , is always bad for wine .
but i might have known ! !
this is an issue which boils down to a matter of opinion , depending on whether you're an american or national fan and anti or pro-yankee .
1 .
finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the fbi report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial .
by supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership .
`` nobody else did , either '' .
they'd rather have things rugged , with only moderate protection on the coldest days .
salesmanship is still necessary , but it's a different brand of salesmanship .
and now -- more junk mail
`` that's the stuff '' , curt said .
as a consequence , he did neither .
rudy vallee , who shares star billing with mr. morse , makes only two appearances .
morgan took the suggested steps , but when mrs. sanderson appeared , there was nobody with her but her husband , whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned .
in later childhood , an interest in team games replaces individual play ; ;
it is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative .
for the states which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 .
willow run , general electric's enormous installations at louisville and syracuse , the pentagon , boeing in seattle , douglas and lockheed in los angeles , the new automobile assembly plants everywhere -- none of these is substantially served by any sort of conventional mass rapid transit .
having led the world in this mad race i pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race .
`` i -- i don't think so , ronald .
( two years ago the photography editor of vogue magazine titled his article about steichen , `` the world's greatest photographer '' .
stopping the cars at a fork in the road , he got out , paced off a certain distance to a spot between two shrub-covered sand hills , and indicated a location .
pre-shaped corrugated metal sections or pre-cast concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground .
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` the big bear of arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods tall-tale and the awe with which man contemplates the grandeur and the mysteries of nature .
but there is very little frank and conscious espousal of the interests of any one social class by the people who have the power to make decisions in education .
all this has not , however , been an unmixed blessing .
the valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the mitral leaflets .
the paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government , after the conviction , that general electric sign a wide-open consent decree that it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its fellows .
anne smiled .
`` i'm sorry .
a carriage raising up the choking june dust , and beyond , in a meadow , a local militia company drilling with muskets , kentuck' rifles , every kind of horse pistol , old sword , or cutlass .
just let me die in peace '' .
therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation -- like elements will have to be assimilated .
this gave the juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! !
the business of baseball began to prosper along with other entertainments , and performers -- thanks partly to george herman ruth's spectacular efforts each season to run his salary higher and higher -- prospered too .
for weeks he had been saying that hudson's idea of sailing through to java was absurd .
he did not mind the line itself , which churchill declared in the house of commons , on february 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hated name .
probably the best answer to this kind of entering wedge is congressional action requiring the federal communications commission to ban such advertising through its licensing power .
neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in obeying the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of self-righteousness in such obedience .
in other areas , congressional action last week included :
and the few must win what the many lose , for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all , and is , in fact , unimaginable .
hogan gripped the lawman's other arm .
after making a short statement about human rights , and the freedom to travel , i told them i would be going to the kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the rhine into germany .
the grant , which stretched southward to lake traverse -- the headwaters of the red -- was made in may , 1811 , and by october of that year a small group of scots was settling for the winter at york factory on hudson bay .
the atmosphere was one of optimism , of confidence in human progress , and of a determination to rid the world of its ills .
hearst hopped into a private railroad car with max ihmsen and made an arduous personal canvass for delegates in the western and southern states , always wearing a frock coat , listening intently to local politicians , and generally making a good impression .
`` are those the only shoes you have , sam '' ? ?
its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas .
at present the doctor's main concern was in seeing to it that japanese salvage firms were not permitted to operate on the hulks of warships sunk too close inshore , because the work involved setting off nerve-shattering blasts at all hours .
or have a sign on his car that says , ' here comes the paxton kidnapper ' '' ? ?
now , if morton's newest product , a corn chip known as chip-o's , turns out to sell as well as its stock did , the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the avid buyers bid it up to .
you'll never hear `` sayonara '' , the japanese word for goodbye , from your guests when you give a hibachi party .
remarks of hon. joseph p. addabbo of new york
under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training , and an equally professional sense of performing .
during the summer , negroes began quietly patronizing previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments .
in 1949 the dixiecrats escaped unscathed after their 1948 rebellion against harry truman , and in 1957 , after congressman adam clayton powell campaigned for dwight eisenhower in 1956 , his fellow democrats did not touch his committee assignments , although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage .
if working in a zinc mine , which he once did for 87-1/2 cents an hour , paid more than playing center field for the yankees , mantle would work in a zinc mine .
william said .
this is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees .
he wanted time , too , to review the united states' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating .
if nothing is done , the prospect is that that road will be in default of interest in 1962 .
in their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time .
moderate radiation doses of from 100,000 to 200,000 rads can extend the shelf life ( at 35 f ) of fresh beef from 5 days to 5 or 6 weeks .
this , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up .
he took a yellow pill , only to choke on it , and went for the salami , only to find something alive in the refrigerator -- something pink and fuzzy .
efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance .
i will be able to tell you more about this string of equines in the near future .
but if anything can bring home to mr. khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this braddock-against-the-indians contest , it will probably be the fact that seato forces are ready to attempt it -- plus the fact that moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with washington .
if you're really serious about working on that story , i'd better take you home '' .
place-names , in fact , had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of camden onwards .
as he lowered himself on the chair behind his desk i wondered what this dapper , slightly ridiculous man could possibly have to do with the workings of the hall .
in this sense also , they are surely conformists .
however , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new certitudes imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and overprotective parents .
to meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a peace corps -- an organization which will recruit and train american volunteers , sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations .
-- social and recreational activities
bottom sighted
the angriest young man in newport last night was at the playhouse , where `` epitaph for george dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed .
nor can one forget pope john's unprecedented meeting with the archbishop of canterbury .
during intercrisis periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of remolding the perspectives and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition .
`` i just love them '' , he said .
the discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy .
the early years of the twentieth century seem very far away .
the resident staff is large and consists of professional assistants , graduate students , abstractors , librarian , technical editor , machine operators , secretarial help , and others .
when dag hammarskjold was negotiating the middle east peace after israel's 1956 invasion of egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of cairo , a language as anarchic as casey stengel's .
i believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 .
a set of tables containing spectral intensities for 39,000 lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper matrix in a d-c arc , was completed and published .
)
how could the rich , for whom life was made so simple , ever understand the subterfuges , the lies , the frauds , the errors , sins and even crimes to which the poor were driven in their efforts to overcome the great advantages the rich had in the race of life ? ?
if she , pamela , were being held responsible for his crimes , then hers must be the final act of expiation .
he was never sure they fully took him in .
`` why ain't you playin' ball '' ? ?
the card the man i was shadowing had filled out was still on the counter .
there is a long train flowing from the shoulders .
maybe he should have kept in touch .
`` thank you '' , the german had said courteously .
2
and the poppies .
at any rate , three men out of a six-man b-52 crew are required to copy down wisman's go-to-war message .
it is a short course in communese .
`` committeemen , hold your fire ! !
yet they include peoples as different from one another as oregonians are from patagonians .
( b )
as a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of igbo .
the new formula for filling staff positions in the secretariat is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report .
these errors were then collected and written on a blackboard , condensing similar ideas .
and when the child dies in lawrence's story in a delirium that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich , the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all .
only a fool would think otherwise .
after the first two murders , the warning notes were rarely ignored .
if the one- or two-digit address of an index word or electronic switch is used or is included in the operand of an xreserve or sreserve statement ( see page 99 ) , the corresponding index word or electronic switch is reserved .
trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid .
the codes were key-punched into ibm punch cards and verified .
then , with a motion so suddenly violent that she amazed herself , she tore them in two .
as they watched , jones rode straight for the reef .
how was she to behave , claire wondered .
and vincent berger learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men .
the secretary , department of economic affairs , or his designate , will act for the government of india , and the president of the export-import bank of washington , or his designate , will act for the export-import bank of washington .
the first meeting was held in faneuil hall , a great big place where we were able to meet members from all the other states .
the bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a garage .
she wanted him to get into trouble .
the enormous plates which had held mr. jack's four fried eggs and five strips of bacon were still stacked in the sink .
reduced to beggary , he at last got a job as office boy to a television producer .
in 1687 the turks , who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century , with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the parthenon as a powder magazine .
as the lights came up , andy could see that a number of patrons were already on their way toward the exit .
next to the blackwells , titus had owned the island most , and she and adelia had often stood in front of him , silenced by his terrible years -- a scanty man with a thin beard and very deep-set blue eyes like a mariner , more aged than possible .
take it out of me '' ! !
this negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to southern california drivers .
what's your name , anyway ? ?
it would needlessly bring badness into the world ; ;
numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order .
neither are shelters , because there is one to meet the needs of every camper or prospective camper .
to consolidate what her navy had won , the czarina was fortunate that , for the first time in russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite giaour .
beginning in cloth of the tempest ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in sleepers awake , and constructing elaborate `` poems-in-drawing-and-type '' in which it is impossible to distinguish between the `` art '' and the poetry .
i marched up to the waiting officials , the students massed behind me .
the more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the director of administration .
but with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in 1835 ) , the improvement was impaired .
an international conference of the big textile-importing and textile-exporting countries will be called shortly by president kennedy .
`` sure , we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young , beautiful and the toast of two continents '' `` remember fanny brice promised my mother she would look after me on the road '' ? ?
how about you '' ? ?
there seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group .
`` ain't no sense you eating our dust '' , rod protested .
alex entered first and was followed by the doctor who , for all his care , manifested a perceptible bulge on his left side where the hen was cradled .
the door was answered by a slender man in his sixties -- straight-backed , somewhat clerical in manner , wearing rimless glasses .
our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated , were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein , and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards .
only with the more sensual , intense and baroque expressions of marenzio , monteverdi and gesualdo does the singing seem a little superficial .
this nondrying oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine lubricant , as a constituent of fluids for hydraulically operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics .
as he looked up from picking at a leg ulcer , he saw a marine in the jungle across the clearing .
but before she left her room she dug into her big moire bag , took out the envelope holding her marriage contract and the wax seal had been broken .
the guards all rushed up to intervene ''
and she said that after this man had been dead for a week she had gone to reuveni and accepted his proposal .
but there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject .
ticonderoga folded a few minutes too soon , before the tide changed , still honest and stupid -- and the network of dealers the company had is around waiting to be signed up again -- waiting for us , ready-made .
mary jane might not be the most intelligent woman , but she was one of the most determined .
he fell on his side across the lowest step , rolled over once , then lay still .
they opposed the forand bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ;
to what extent and in what ways did christianity affect the united states of america in the nineteenth century ? ?
but it is true , nevertheless .
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests .
`` none of that .
`` how come your bows is always cockeyed '' ? ?
carla translated .
poor john's rise continued to be meteoric .
in the first picture ( 9a ) the knife is just beginning to advance into the inclined surface which was left from the previous chip formation .
you cannot wear the banner of god and at the same time harbor envy , jealousy and grudges in your heart .
all bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are banned in favor of plastic or metal cups .
most nuts consist of the richly packaged storage kernel and its thick , adherent , brown covering -- the seedcoat .
in any event , it is an irreversible step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which god has seen fit to place us .
the book , published in 1927 , has been selling steadily ever since .
and that's how papa's estate was divided .
the broad conclusions of that pioneering work remain undisturbed , but subsequent research has expanded and somewhat altered their empirical support , has suggested important revisions in the general analytic frame of reference , and has sharpened the meaning of particular analytic concepts in this area .
five ? ?
a couple of hundred .
what's puny '' ? ?
these studies are being extended to different polymers to increase our knowledge about the hindrances to rotation around chain bonds .
this hysteria reached its height under the leadership of senator joseph mccarthy .
rector said .
funny how seldom they did : used to it , probably .
she might have been someone he had once loved .
one night , so some of these theories run , adam would have fallen asleep , much as he fell asleep for the creation of eve ; ;
melancholy obsession .
the command post was underground , and well camouflaged .
there was a momentary pause , and then her mother said , `` how long is she supposed to stay '' ? ?
they think of themselves as trustees for the entire society and try to serve the entire society .
here are hatched plans for getting a share of the american bounty , the secret of the anti-missile missile , or an invitation to dinner .
speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city , mr. hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack .
feed 75,000 units or 75 milligrams per head daily .
muller's would have to be one of the half dozen almost directly opposite .
his was a burgomaster's beethoven , solid and sensible .
steele lost his seat in parliament , and his personal quarrel with swift , by now a public issue , thus reached its climax .
the iron hinges held , but the planks were in danger of being torn from the crossbars .
varani has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor .
the original d minor seems to symbolize blindness , inescapable in spite of all attempts to move away from it .
such activity may or may not have irritated the kremlin , but it has frequently condemned america to an unnatural defensiveness that has undermined our effort to give leadership to the free world .
it was like finally getting into one's own nightmares to punish one's dreams .
none noted at the dumont .
from here on in , the less charlie and i were seen together in public , or visited one another's rooms , the better .
`` but it really wouldn't be fair , taking your jobs away from you '' .
they never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` don't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of misinterpretation .
in a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice balances of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation .
i mean our children '' .
of `` her exquisiteness of dress '' , `` her well-modulated voice that went straight to the hearts of the hearers '' ; ;
`` he is wrong to inject eisenhower into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and i will not be forced into re-arguing an old national campaign '' .
drafted into the austrian army , he rebelliously rejected discipline , wangled a vienna billet , went on painting .
miriam had not yet goaded him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival in chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole .
arm , shoulder , chest , upper and lower back strength will be aided with the horse kick .
these are real analytic periodic functions with period t .
too many have bogged down in bickering .
the man half-reached for the cord of the alarm bell .
some jews have in fact been all things to all men .
( see page 100 .
alexander said , `` answer me properly , spencer '' .
i couldn't tell one from the other .
she had quarreled with lucien , she had resisted his demands for money -- and if she died , by the provisions of her marriage contract , lucien would inherit legally not only the immediate sum of gold under the floorboards in the office , but later , when the war was over , her father's entire estate .
i'm well aware that you've got a pedigree as long as my leg , and that i don't amount to anything .
such a position entails the negation of philosophy in its platonic form as something soaring above and embracing the empirical and mathematical sciences .
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch .
there are other wild bees that command our attention .
`` you're in the secular world '' .
maris ran the 100-yard dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against luis aparicio , the swift , base-stealing shortstop of the white sox .
the gapt .
we'll woo the consumer with a product , not bludgeon him with chromed excess length and weight .
he was conscious of a growing sense of absurdity .
a system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time .
the crude wooden boxes of the enemy , our nicely turned gray metal disks .
given a small ball or marbles , he would invent games and play by himself for hours .
the flux values are for all particles with masses greater than the given mass and are based on an estimate of the numbers of visual meteors .
gradually he reached a conclusion .
that is to say , to the churchyard '' .
the preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , incense sticks , rice wine , dozens of delicacies , and pieces of white cotton string .
we in this department must think about foreign policy in its total context .
perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity .
gun on shoulder , he would march smartly for a few yards , bring his heels together with a click , make a brisk pirouette , skirts flaring , and march back to his point of departure .
for 18 months , hamilton holmes , 19 , and charlayne hunter , 18 , had tried to get into the university .
most of us remember and think of the wagner-peyser act in its historical sense , as a major milestone in the development of public placement services .
`` you need a linguist '' ? ?
he was a member of harmony lodge , no. 12 , af & am , scottish rite ; ;
those who had slickers donned them .
the union pacific railroad streamliner , city of san francisco , stopped in ogden , utah , for a few minutes .
but as he discovers shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le culte du moi , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson .
not before .
`` love me '' ? ?
samples zoomed into closeup range in regular succession , like telephone poles passing on the highway , while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's .
so would radar picket ships .
whatever the long-range impact of integration , the owners of negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal .
`` stay well back of me '' , he said .
there are also corresponding members and outside advisory groups .
nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market committment at all .
check the overnighters out .
these three were much alike : lined snake ( tropidoclonion ) , one year and nine months ; ;
just as hart crane had little influence on anyone except very reactionary writers -- like allen tate , for instance , to whom valery was the last word in modern poetry and the felicities of an apollinaire , let alone a paul eluard were nonsense -- so dylan thomas's influence has been slight indeed .
it accounts for so many things .
he looked dapper in a lightweight summer suit , brown silk tie and green-tinted soft collar .
you'll get in the office building here .
`` join me in another '' ? ?
when , as a diplomatic gesture of amity and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the april election , torrio had given o'banion a slice of cicero , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month .
all the performances of the evening were smooth and assured , and the sizable company , with mr. nagrin and marion scott as its leading dancers , seemed to be fine shape .
rat-face at the counter was on his feet .
these instruments are installed on rockets , satellites , and space probes .
the wound in his scalp was examined , pronounced healing , and well doctored with simples , before they dished up the victuals .
that is the lesson of the nineteenth century .
this leveling system will hold the platform on-level , automatically , as long as the system is actuated .
a sunday evening program provides theological lectures , music , drama , and films related to the issues of the judeo-christian tradition .
your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from state and federal sources .
no , that isn't quite fair .
this was one of the navy's crossroads -- you find them all around the world .
the excesses of nationalism had brought down upon europe a generation of tyranny and war , and a return to the old order of things seemed unthinkable .
won't you step into the living room , where it's cozier '' ? ?
though his election was interpreted by many southerners as the forerunner of a dangerous shift in the federal balance in favor of the union , lincoln himself proposed no such change in the rights the constitution gave the states .
he was taken aback .
the schools could use the money to pay 4-year scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student .
in another respect it is dissimilar , for non-violent resistance demoralizes the opponent only to re-establish in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values '' .
you wouldn't pull my leg , old man ? ?
he ran the change rooms .
she was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time .
if they are right , they will prevail of and by themselves .
these inwardly dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of staging .
it is not their avoidance that rankles ; ;
-- write to the fund's custodian bank -- the first national bank of jersey city , n.j. .
here , as in the byrd case , another element of state procedure was subsumed to federal judge-made law .
theresa shifted to a new page .
bob carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to laguardia as tom bosley does , but i was amazed at the way he became more and more fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really laguardia come back among us again .
her skin was stretched so tight that her cheekbones stuck out , and if looks could kill , wally would have been dead .
the hope was vain .
both index words and electronic switches may have been made unavailable before the start of assignment in one of the following ways .
`` let's put him down again the way he was .
i must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn .
`` the primary objective of non-violence '' , writes the outstanding mennonite ethicist , `` is not peace , or obedience to the divine will , but rather certain desired social changes , for personal , or class , or national advantage '' .
it changes the answers on builder-dealer relations .
it will be shown theoretically that the high image intensification obtainable with such a tube and contact photography permits the utilization of extremely low incident light levels .
she was all he had , everything he had , everything he wanted .
both home and auto radios were in excellent demand , with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first eleven ; ;
but even he will not last indefinitely and the above-noted new arrangements are , quite simply , made to assure qualitative continuity in the foundation's policies and practices .
we should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands .
he thought about it and he told the man he just couldn't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made .
alarmed by this display of weapons , i looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a cordon of policemen , their bicycles forming a roadblock before which stood several french officers in uniform and a small waspish man in a brown derby .
still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of europe by car .
i won't be long '' .
if there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form .
under miss upton , the work of the year 1909-10 went forward without interruption .
another example is his very infrequent use of the large amount of data from surveys designed to discover what and how people actually do feel and think on a broad range of topics : he cites such survey-type findings just three times .
poor john '' .
estimate the value of the produce at normal prices .
despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943 , the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled .
what happened to you '' ? ?
not a breeze exactly , but a pocket of icy air that settled with a loathsome familiarity upon the deep confines of the grove , catching pamela in a leering embrace .
second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out , making a double row .
in addition to the rich soil they benefit by feedings of manure water every other week , diluted to the color of weak tea .
the necessary inference , as the authors themselves interpret it , would seem to be this : `` ( ( 1 ) spatial qualities are not among those grasped by the sense of touch , as such .
-- the statewide meeting of war mothers tuesday in salem will hear a greeting from gov. mark hatfield .
helva's hum then had a curious vibrancy , a warm , dulcet quality even in its aimless chromatic wanderings .
and his memory , like an elephant's , stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings '' .
in 1912 the united states supreme court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on february 1 , 1913 .
the senate ( by voice vote ) and the house ( by 224-170 ) passed and sent to the white house the compromise farm bill which the president is expected to sign , not too unhappily .
putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose : it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this unenviable spot , when the audience is cold , restless , and in flux ; ;
`` carwood didn't tell you that '' , she said .
and i would further note that they all -- with one exception again -- sang in one key or another the same song .
insurance
hercule poirot and lord peter whimsey ( the respective creations of agatha christie and dorothy sayers ) have retained holmes' egotism but not his zest for life and eccentric habits .
on three fridays the coach has needed a driver .
apart , however , from the question of wasteful duplication , there is another aspect of the `` family business '' spirit in american catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny .
for thirty minutes , stanley gilborn stood there .
since laos is of no more purely military value to moscow itself than it is to washington , this approach might be expected to head off mr. khrushchev for the moment .
a function g such that af , i.e. , af , must be a polynomial function of degree af or less : af .
mr. philip toynbee writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues .
this must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter .
the inspector nodded , doubting this .
i suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth , but beckett did not take to the word truth .
is it larger or fancier than you really need ? ?
at once the whole band set off at a lope .
`` be sure the man nearest you is awake .
what is the gunk '' ? ?
such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about af .
three agreed , but four declined and were suspended .
it is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below .
lying in the grass behind the brush clump , warren looked about .
one effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from european nations and give more to such countries as india .
listening for hours to his laments that the war and `` mist fair's '' poverty afterwards had robbed the mare of many a racing triumph , and to his predictions of greatness for the procession of foals to come , jenny could look forward to years of conflict with an animal who disliked her intensely and showed it .
it was a part so familiar to him that he did not bother to think about it any more .
( norman mailer ) , but no one can deny that the screen crackles with electricity whenever he is on it .
when founded by franklin the gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays .
and the third time was the charm .
the walk and his fears had served to overheat him and his sweaty armpits cooled at the touch of the night air .
the current exhibition , which remains on view through oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources .
however , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators .
there is still water in it .
in the railway station at berlin , a uniformed attendant was chanting , ' foreigners this way ! !
af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular susceptibility of af , where af .
but i want this to sink in awhile .
a second assistant mopped with two sponges .
last week it opened at the j. b. speed museum in louisville , at the very moment that a second schiele exhibit was being made ready at the felix landau gallery in los angeles .
now , riding this hospital bus , feeling isolated and utterly alone , i knew that she was genuine and unique , quite unlike any girl i had known before .
ideas are the thruway to nowhere .
after figuring out how to regulate the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact , we fired this little 20-inch-barrel job on my home range and in marlin's underground test gallery .
there was little enough time to contemplate them , however ; ;
oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! !
cursing himself for having ridden out the last few days without a rifle in his saddle boot , russ drew his colt and examined it briefly .
under the circumstances i was only too willing to confess all .
done by a professional decorator , madden thought , and somehow as impersonal , as unremarkable as its occupant .
transportation may be provided from nearby school districts .
there was something about private feminine whisperings which always made him feel scabrous and unclean .
mr. hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time cd job .
he flounders and lets music sprawl .
then frankie said : `` what are you gonna do '' ? ?
i got in the car , drove down to the drive-in and ordered a couple of hamburgers with everything included , a cup of coffee and the fastest service possible .
one of my private patients was being admitted and i went in to see her settled .
jazz is the musical language of sex , the vocabulary of the orgasm ; ;
we have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan .
some of the earliest recordings , made in the 1940's demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track , whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer cues to therapy which -- if they were at all discernible in print -- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts .
the juror said the masked men had advised him to be lenient .
when he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged .
the glass is out of it , but that won't matter .
these rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her .
remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds .
`` get competitive or get out '' .
is the matter one for the united nations or some other international body ? ?
i didn't much care if she were there or not .
but regattas are scheduled right up to christmas .
this absence of peaky highs and beefed-up bass not only produces greater fidelity , but it eliminates listener fatigue .
there's a reason for this length of stay .
in spite of powerful opposition the draft act finally passed congress on may 17 , 1917 .
new aspirants for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; ;
diane spoke no italian or french .
in other words , no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet .
intuition told him , however , that she was tired and winded from the run up the reef and would not charge , yet .
every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main '' .
owen asked .
it is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope .
`` listen please '' , i called to the students in french .
siebern hits homer
the book was a fine historical novel about edward 3 , , and i did a week of research to get the details just right : the fifteenth-century armor , furnishings , clothes .
even after the incident between bang-jensen and shann in the delegates' lounge and this was not the way the chicago tribune presented it '' .
but there is , nevertheless , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held .
news of rayburn's commitment soon leaked out .
the same old question .
odd-lot index observers then make graphs of the data according to their particular statistical recipe .
he had become the center of the company , such stories he had to tell .
he is a trustee for the common good , however feeble the safeguards which the positive or municipal law of property provides against his misuse of that share of the common fund , wisely or unwisely , entrusted to his keeping .
but you had them '' .
but he was more than half-drunk , and his faculties were dulled .
mr. speaker , in my latest newsletter to my constituents i urged the imposition of a naval blockade of cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued soviet armaments from coming into the western hemisphere in violation of the monroe doctrine .
the weather turned warmer and with it came better appetites , although harriet was still a little off-color .
she had caught the implication of the oath .
the meeting broke up .
otherwise , she would be baited into a tantrum -- teased and provoked until she lost control of herself , and thus lost still another battle in the maddening struggle of tom lord vs. joyce lakewood .
sposato needed a front , some labor stiff with a clean record to act as business agent of the redhook local .
using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth .
i wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors , americans excel over any country in the world in the long run .
further evidence that roman catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of england .
by 3:00 a.m. they reached his house and found it vacant .
don't you and barney ever use your brains '' ? ?
he urged support for president kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid appropriations .
tension presser -- consisting of a padded ironing board from which extend clamping members on all four sides .
his encylopedia agreed with sabella .
home-made sauerkraut is served once a week .
mrs. lola m. harris , a native of atlanta , died sunday at her home in garland , tex. .
there has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city .
or , more rhythmically , ' the swarthy witches are laughing ' ? ?
`` he let a patrolman take over the duties of the station keeper .
it happened at the st. patrick's day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an irish march .
and i was to go to work on that odd matter .
and the turtle ? ?
( 2 )
well , if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you .
next to it is a copper section , with cooking utensils and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate , floor-length robe .
he is in your hands -- now .
it only takes a few minutes for the foaming action to be completed and after a short cure , the material can be cut into lengths as desired .
plane suggested another preparation of af which we used here .
thus , this readiness to relax controls , evidenced in the kohnstamm situation , appears to be a more general personality factor .
this is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great trough arrives .
when a family buys a home the title is subject to a perpetual easement to tri-state .
ray , if you please -- the ' cradle song ' '' .
he was fatherly in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel .
after his passage , the street was empty again .
in the arena of power jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ;
it's so much trouble , i don't usually bother '' .
there is clear evidence that lucy from childhood had an unusual mind .
pattern for circular base piece b is diameter of aj .
some fiscal changes are important .
giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation .
all dressing ( undressing to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the swimmers' homes .
he was a huge young man of twenty-four , clothed in muscle , immensely strong , with a habitual gentleness and diffidence of manner that was submerged under his present agitation .
he can correct decay , thus preventing early loss of teeth .
every wednesday night through oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display , with 229 nozzles throwing jets of water up to 130 feet .
anne folded the worrisome document .
it is quite likely that an even greater area was covered , particularly downwind .
this man , tom said , had the play shut up in his desk , i believe , and when tom sat down , he pulled it out and apologetically told tom that they wouldn't be able to use it .
hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate , the public square , or the court chamber .
about 90 percent of the corn used in the united states is fed to animals .
while arlen and mercer collaborated on hot nocturne , mercer worked also with arthur schwartz on another film , navy blues .
the headline is offensive , particularly in view of the total inaccuracy of the editorial .
the mathematical appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit .
a shortened version of the highly regarded remington 742 autoloader also appeared in 1961 .
in a b reorganization , followed by a section 332 liquidation , those cases which hold that section 203 is inapplicable to transfers in liquidation appear to permit the successor corporation to sue for refund of taxes paid by the transferor .
there was the arc de triomphe and the tour d'eiffel -- i was no yokel , but i was young , and this was paris ! !
all the drivers knew about the plates and they also knew about the big floppy straw hat with shredded edges , the kind natives in travel ads wear when they are out joyfully chopping cane .
it was more one of allotting a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell .
in carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit .
la russell's run in `` skylark '' , debuting next week at drury lane , already is a sellout .
a few passed along a tip for the simple reason that they liked him and wanted to give him a break .
and the composer himself was called the `` age of steel pianist '' .
see illustration .
sales of transistors in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to $222 million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types .
nick wondered if elaine had bought them , but he said nothing .
they will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments , acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice .
`` behind that charlie chaplin moustache and that truant lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the tirades and the sulky silences , the passionate orations and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total amorality of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like stalin -- with considerable powers of dissimulation , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift stalin did not possess : the ability to rouse men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' .
`` old people have their idiosyncrasies '' .
math and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are , therefore , essential to any scientific endeavor .
the note paper was pink , too , and the handwriting small and dainty and utterly feminine .
crystallographic , physical , optical , and chemical properties .
she had her reasons for this .
it has the power to do so but for the most part has left the matter for solution by judges on a case-by-case basis .
it is most probable that freud and the oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story .
`` the toothbrush monsieur '' , he said , presenting it .
realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university alumni , as newspaper readers , etc. .
she wore shorts and a loose terry-cloth shirt .
`` are we in wyoming '' ? ?
his first thought was that mrs. kirby , in her mania for color , had dyed a cat and that cat had somehow managed to open the refrigerator door and climb in ; ;
recently , by the way , i received a questionnaire in which i was asked whether or not i was non-institutionalized '' .
maclean stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the limbic brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions .
many of its sojourners were devoted to seclusion and quiet , and lived there to the end of their days .
bah , what was a contradiction in one's life ? ?
halting , pat turned to survey him deliberately .
with the first reports , russell's horse wheeled to the right and ran towards the buildings while cook , followed by a hail of bullets , raced towards the arroyo of salyer's canyon immediately in front of him , just reaching it as his horse fell .
the careless writing was in keeping with his mood of savage discontent .
creighton hague sat in his office above the ione pit .
experimental procedure and error analysis
a poet , yet ! !
the talk of a hearst `` barrel '' was increasing .
the interviewers were instructed not to suggest answers and , as much as possible , to record the parents' actual words as they described the child's behavior in home situations .
she felt , and said , that sympathy only made people feel sorry for themselves ; ;
adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep 2.5% from those of the month before , which in turn were slightly higher than the january low of $17.8 billion .
ordinary politeness may have militated against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down crux of the matter is education .
although pearson disbelieved almost everything lizzie said , and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did , he happily accepted her statement about bridget as the whole truth .
she had been one of the first to collect her wits .
arms plot charged
now , under the impact of his wife's disclosures , he was brought suddenly to the realization that there was a limit to tolerance , however brilliant , however far-famed the offender might be .
dropping to one knee , cook felled one , and the other struggled off with his comrade , sending no further fire in his direction .
a wide-ranging , bipartisan force -- from minnesota's democratic hubert humphrey to massachusetts' republican leverett saltonstall -- was drawn up against a solid phalanx of southern democrats , who have traditionally used the filibuster to stop civil rights bills .
( page 33 ) on the other hand , a little later on he says : `` since 1692 a great but superficial change has wiped out god's beard and the devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two diametrically opposed absolutes .
the results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known .
muffling an exclamation , russ sprang to the nearest steps and ran down .
gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to god's standards .
when you disliked or distrusted a man , you should have a reason .
by turns , her beautifully sung norma is fierce , tender , venomous and pitiful .
`` aye-yah-ah-ah '' ! !
taxation of tangible movable property in rhode island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the inexperience of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property .
with the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which americans are camping now .
consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or revamping your employee benefit program .
the tsunami-warning system developed since the 1946 disaster in hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by commander c. k. green of the coast and geodetic survey staff .
on this side of the bay , miami beach cops had no more legal rights than any ordinary citizen , and shayne's pistol permit was just as good as theirs .
how long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? ?
these can be referred to as operational intelligence and environmental intelligence .
a $500 reward was offered by the association's local in kansas city , kas. .
we perform elaborate international exhortations and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect .
i had champagne at maxim's , then went into a cafe called the jour et nuit to ask the way to montmartre .
he at once cancels the celebrations and , buckling on his scimitar , stumbles blindly from the house , where he is hit and killed by a passing oxcart .
but nevertheless it looked respectable .
`` well , mrs. charles -- sally -- has phoned too .
having volunteered that he was a man of about sixty , he bounded up the stairs and with each leap rendered the number less credible .
these are arranged approximately in the order of the vociferousness of their proponents but will be discussed in the reverse order in the hope that the true order of importance will result .
ann was very troubled .
the biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied intensively during the past fifteen years .
if you hurry you might beat the headquarters boys '' .
verloop ( '48 ; ;
she found herself wishing an old wish , that she had told doaty she was running away , that she had left something more behind her than the loving , sorry note and her best garnet pin .
he is probably our most original composer ; ;
if the answer to what was that noise ? ?
.
the relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in table 1 .
the only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis .
those of us present , the perry brothers , deslonde and the other midshipmen now have the responsibility of the somers .
) 5 .
just a few more steps .
he attended new york university before switching to georgetown university in washington .
most of them could be eliminated ; ;
but plain old bean soup , served daily since the turn of the century ( at the insistence of the late sen. fred dubois of idaho ) , made clear to the citizenry that the senate's stomach was in the right place .
`` howda i know '' ? ?
2 )
it wasn't johnnie's fault that he was hopelessly tied down to that frightful woman who did her best to make his life unbearable .
he'll shoot up the town '' .
`` i don't see alma anywhere '' , i said .
two american watercolor society prizes ; ;
for example , we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes , not which shots were bull's-eyes .
i don't want no trouble , you don't want no trouble , nobody wants trouble , mr. skyros '' .
he suggested that without the socialist party ever gaining a national victory , most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties .
she could act and she could write .
the editor and business manager of manuscript are appointed by the publications board .
the teacher thought it was so successful that she asks : `` wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar confessional of their fears and worries '' ? ?
in many installations , the inertial platform is raised off the ground a considerable height when it is mounted in the vehicle before flight .
thirty-five , i guess .
here they did not need to be in ghettos .
`` why do you worry ? ?
in the university milieu of scholarship and research , of social diversity , of new ideas and varied and wide-ranging interests , `` socialization '' into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences .
`` the pattern '' , says dr. morton schillinger , psychologist at new york's lincoln institute for psychotherapy , `` is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly , virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night '' .
he kept his eyes , with their puffed blurred lids , always lowered , though not , apparently , focusing .
even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring .
americans eat too much .
they pointed out to him .
under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts .
in news items a man is less often shot in the body or head than in the suburbs .
even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one dissenting vote has been usual .
`` they can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for touchdowns and put you in trouble '' .
it's like a flame , i guess '' , she said in a dreamy tone .
then they moved offices of the east german puppet government into east berlin and began illegally to treat it as the capital of east germany .
the paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes .
she ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so compulsively necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls .
the department's constant fight with the house for money is a polite minuet compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the senate .
`` there was that fellow out there in the bitter cold '' --
`` listen ! !
it was , to helva , only a matter of the correct reproduction and diaphragmic control required by the music attempted .
caution :
jee-sus , we fixed him ! !
`` now , miss -- or is it mrs. bancroft '' ? ?
although it is not possible to sunder old and new in this era , i shall consider in the present chapter primarily the first decades of the eighth century and shall interpret them as an apogee of the first stage of greek civilization .
although no national norms exist for the social development of children , the teacher can find a great deal of information concerning types of social behavior normally displayed by children at various age levels .
methods of financing adjustments
our sore and burned hands and arms need attention '' .
she lay under the covers making jabbing motions with her forefinger telling me where to look for the coffeepot .
felix is all there is '' .
police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either tnt or nitroglycerine , was apparently placed under the left front wheel .
the impact rate on 1958 alpha for 153 events was af for particles of mass greater than af ( dubin , 1960 ) ; ;
when dealing with the actual relation of philosophy to the sociology of knowledge , or better the role of philosophy in assisting research on the social sources of ideas , one has to become necessarily selective .
the presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable .
a comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 .
the latter two are half-brothers .
at a siding , another train which was a familiar sight these days .
signora ferraro , bobbing her head encouragingly , asked sam about canada , having a special interest .
the savage barbarian hordes of red russian communism descended on the athens that was mighty metronome , sacking and despoiling with their bolshevistic battle cry of `` soak the rich ' ! !
i stalled him off .
but no : prokofieff grew .
organization :
pumblechook's hands throughout the novel serve to travesty greed and hypocritical self-aggrandizement .
queen of the seas
thus , there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well .
indeed , you wouldn't live long , for the females either drive the men they've seized from neighboring islands back to their boats after exploiting them for amatory purposes , or they destroy them by revolting but ingenious methods .
`` i wish we were in a position to offer a little money to tide them over '' .
highly successful in england before its transfer to new york , most of `` roots '' is as relentlessly dour as the trappings of the small new theater are gaudy .
the bronchial artery , except for a small number of short branches in the hilum , contributes none of the pleural blood supply .
roy smiled -- he did have a nice smile -- took off his hat most politely , told her to hop in , and he'd give her a lift to quinzaine .
i had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' .
of four dark brown ears , one twitched slightly at this .
`` say that again '' , she pleaded .
he shouted to the pitcher .
during the past year , these ligands have yielded some unusual five-coordinate complexes of nickel ( 2 ) and some interesting binuclear phosphorus-bridged complexes of palladium ( 2 ) ( see figure ) , as well as new compounds of the well-known type af .
besides managers of downtown theaters , the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and buckhead .
and if i have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the germinal form of a conflict which remains essential in mann's writing : the crude sketch of piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and self-destructive tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , naphta and leverkuhn .
the gadget faker operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to $10,000 -- anything the traffic will bear .
direct confrontation and acceptance of mrs. b.'s anger against the second baby soon dissipated her fears of annihilation .
general directions :
materials for this shelter would cost about $700 .
the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in section 7 ( b ) of this title -- ( 1 )
feathertop made an elaborate motion with his hand .
`` but you didn't know a thing about it , did you '' ? ?
for circular fibers in a closely packed hexagonal array , the packing efficiency is given by : af where af , and 0.906 is the ratio of the area of a circle to that of the circumscribed hexagon .
who shall separate us from the love of christ ? ?
then she murmured : `` you're very kind , mr. morgan .
ann , pleased to see her friend happy , was intrigued by the new fruits a friend of captain heard had sent on board for their enjoyment .
`` why does everything have to happen to me '' ? ?
and how right she was .
my people await you on the shore .
stevenson stated , in the course of his address , that the united states was `` against '' colonialism .
it is hardly necessary to remind students of covered bridges that timothy palmer was born in 1751 in nearby rowley ; ;
anybody who is expecting a joyride should , according to mr. shriver , get off the train right now .
`` he didn't '' ! !
he had his voice under control again : no one became aware that he was terrified by what had just happened to him .
and i have established that the action of municipal , county , or state school boards or boards of education is small , infinitesimally small in comparison with the number of districts .
years ago when i asked her to put me in social security , so's i wouldn't have to be working now , miss julia threatened to fire me -- all because it would mean a few more dollars a year to her '' .
in one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth .
mr. clark still has to use rotenone with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields , but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future .
old sores could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water .
it is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts .
her neighbors in the expensive houston apartment building told reporters that the ash-blonde beauty had talked at times about her past as `` the golden girl of the mickey jelke trial '' .
inventors joined lawyers in the clamor for reform , inevitably centering upon the selden litigation as a `` horrible example '' .
splendid , too , is the performance of yuri tolubeyev , one of russia's leading comedians , as sancho panza , the fat , grotesque `` squire '' .
mickey's guts twisted with the effort , but he kept his eye on the weapon .
the hazel eyes met alexander's .
two to three weeks prior to the charter of the virginia , graham had been snooping around the san luis rey mission .
australia , the philippine islands , japan , and northern china were inhabited by those members of the haijac union that spoke american .
in order to prevent this , washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the marquis de lafayette containing some 160 of morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes .
it was an awkward hour , but i didn't have to punch any time clock , and it only meant that sometimes i had to stay a couple of hours later at the drawing board to finish up a job .
then one day dick's classmate jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag .
nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are .
by 1783 her legions had managed to annex the crimea amid scenes of wanton cruelty and now , in this second combat with the crescent , were aiming at suzerainty over all of the black sea's northern shoreline .
the `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later completion .
his second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine .
the scant flesh grew cool beneath her frantic hands .
last year the congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the army reserve .
i must say , however , that i preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it .
he felt the sweetness of pity flood through him , veining his very flesh .
`` give me your machine gun ammo '' .
in and in and in they poured through the gates of majdanek , but they never left , and majdanek was not growing any larger .
but , admit or not , bonner was helpless .
the drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time , but the time is fixed by the director and the players , the conductor and the instrumentalists , subject , therefore , to much variation , as record collectors well know .
none of the men hanging around the hall bothered to speak to him .
this was not virtue as we understand the word today , and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic manipulation .
their affection for their college home has even caused president dickey to comment on this `` place loyalty '' as something rather specially hanoverian .
some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4 .
furthermore , dr. calderone says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around .
in addition to the known principal globulin , excelsin , three other ultracentrifugally distinct components have been observed .
if those aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ?
how embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed congregationalist missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace baptist teachings ! !
it was , i felt , possible that they were men who , having received no tickets for that day , had remained in the hall , to sleep perhaps , in the corners farthest removed from the counter with its overhead light .
outside his window bloomed a beautiful summer day .
seeing this , his colleague at the next desk gave a short , contemptuous laugh , pushed forward his own ash tray , innocent of a single butt , thumped his chest to show his excellent condition , and looked proud .
approved september 22 , 1961 .
if it were not for an old professor who made me read the classics i would have been stymied on what to do , and now i understand why they are classics ; ;
and of course the news of who the composer was did finally begin to get around among his closest friends .
language was no problem anyway ; ;
later , browsing in an old issue of the gazette des beaux-arts , she found a description of a handsome gilt pier-table purchased in 1817 by president james monroe .
across the road is the kitchen , and waiters bearing great trays of dishes dodge traffic as nimbly as their french colleagues at the restaurant in the place du tertre in paris .
makes for confusion and congestion '' .
a `` wet herd '' was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows , while `` wet stuff '' referred to cows givin' milk .
the measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government .
and he loves you because you're a beautiful woman .
the first preliminary was inspecting the unfinished length of frieze , a jumble of roughcast and finish coats , all in bad condition .
these new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician .
little by little , during the week , chris and i discovered the crazy unbelievable way nadine and wally had lived .
i'll see word gets round '' .
chicago , aug. 9
but it's such a long shot '' --
in i wanted to tell him , but i was afraid to the final to is lightly stressed because it represents to tell him .
sandman said : `` the announcement that sen. clifford case aj , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for mr. mitchell is a dead giveaway .
the 187-mile illinois state toll highway , for example , was not opened over its entire length until december , 1958 .
finally he learned through the grapevine that the culprit might be one james w. robinson in pope county .
commandeering a passing car , kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic .
on the south it ended sharply as though the lava had been cut off there suddenly .
it is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an inter-species comparison is made .
not much ; ;
in your editorial of sept. 30 `` the smoldering congo '' you make the following comment : `` far too many states are following the russian example in refusing to pay their assessments .
`` i haven't the faintest idea .
they won't even let you in the front door .
the entire middle section of the walnut trees is taken up with the life of vincent berger himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` encounters with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son .
borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times .
but the words were forming .
i don't think you'll find many active christian salesmen .
in our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range , we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the inhibitory and excitatory systems , respectively .
then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm .
such certification shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department , agency , or establishment of the united states .
jack watched miss langford all morning .
the speaker pro tempore .
to see this vision in perspective , we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom .
another neighbor , mrs. frank c. smith , 2731 pall mall , sterling township , surprised kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the $400 funeral costs .
but the supreme court wouldn't even hear my case ! !
before considering more recent activities , we should note another important aspect of demography in belgian africa .
but the luck that had been running their way left him .
the gallant half-city is dying on its feet '' .
when bobbie evans smashed up his car , the jaguar his wife linda had given him for his last birthday , and himself quite thoroughly with it , driving back from an afternoon's golf at oakmont , it seemed to mark the end of a long , miswritten chapter in the social life of the community .
who was the god whom he thinke we serve ? ?
he also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an all-automatic camera in germany , with the result that it became the best selling camera in the german market .
nobody could have told why .
and dancing school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribute even more .
using a wide stage resourcefully he mingled music and dance with shakespeare's words in a spirited mixture .
continuing with the case in which **zg is a af curve on a quadric q , we first observe that the second regulus of q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants .
brenner continued to smile , but his eyes were cold .
he would have to be given the opportunity .
`` would it make any difference to you if i were , mary jane '' ? ?
he said , `` we democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' .
height , 6' .
the first act of adoniram and samuel on reaching calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in east india company territory .
a trap for throwing these miniature clays fastens to the barrel so that the shooter can throw his own targets .
no more could he defend himself against them .
2 st. peter 1 : 4 .
thus committed , action might follow .
castro's reforms ? ?
a shot or two went wild before cobb felt something tug at his foot .
the positivists are plainly right in saying that such remarks do usually express feeling .
-- sincere christian love and understanding
if adjectival meanings show relatively low retentiveness of stems , as i am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ?
pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns .
there wasn't much light in the blue dark , but i could see her well .
but he defended the doctrine in the art of happiness , and what indeed could be said against the epicurean virtues , health , frugality , privacy , culture and friendship ? ?
he pushed his way inside .
it seemed to me that the liberals had scrapped the balanced polarity and reposed both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man .
he became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the 1840's , and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period .
lemma 1 .
in fact , the recent warnings about the use of x-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in this instance , science has momentarily aggravated our fears .
he pointed out to the young musicians that the national gallery `` is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director , richard bales .
and we'll never know which .
he had ridden hard from boston , and he was not used to horseback .
george poised with the tack hammer , the homely , everyday atmosphere , all denied an attempt at murder .
intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year .
they could no longer afford the luxury of the canvas sweat bag that cooled it by evaporation .
he asked himself .
the orderly room seemed to be deserted .
in great expectations the hands become almost an obsession .
for , with a single exception , nothing had happened to them .
`` what you don't understand is that i'm asking for it now '' .
all , that is , except jack .
each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure snug fitting .
she asked , turning suddenly .
unfortunately , the purely synthetic problem is the rule .
the `` hold-back '' , as pentagon mutterers labeled it , apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army services are built up gradually and , thus , the new funds spent prudently .
catholic seminarians attend tutorials and row on the cherwell with non-catholic students .
the absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to deprive her of the freedoms to role-experiment and to fail occasionally in experimenting .
`` y're the young blackwell woman .
mr. meynell knows the way .
that's what the man had said .
jack scanned the skies , the boards , and the skies again .
`` i appreciate it , you do that .
he sneezed .
two members of the democratic-endorsed majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state board of education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted improperly in its appointment of the coordinator , francis p. nolan 3rd , the democratic-endorsed committee chairman , could not be reached for comment .
unfortunately , those who would remedy our `` softness '' seek to do so with calisthenics .
`` there must be some water under there '' .
if there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by blocking windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material .
or just evenings .
`` i'm sorry .
was not this dropped primarily in order to `` appease '' the chinese -- especially after `` khrushchev's `` humiliating '' surrender to the west in canceling the german peace-treaty deadline of december 31 ? ?
`` why not let him take it , cady ? ?
anyone's identification with an international struggle , whether warlike or peaceful , requires absurd oversimplification and intense emotional involvement .
he demanded out loud .
the children grudgingly stopped playing then and straggled into the schoolhouse .
he broke that boy ( air force fullback nick arshinkoff ) in two and knocked him loose from the football '' .
on november 26 of that year the bridge was completed and opened .
you should have told me about her before '' .
perhaps doaty had guessed already and kept her counsel .
problems to solve
mine warfare has in the past been directed against surface targets .
and when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind .
he has a glorious wife and many children .
four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of 156 miles .
prior to that he was associated with long island university in brooklyn .
the only public demonstration in honor of john brown was held at pratt's hall in providence , on the day of his execution .
counsel for the defense , however , shrewdly allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful recollections , rarely raised an objection .
and if by some wild chance mahzeer was the man , he wouldn't dare try anything now -- not after docherty had looked in on the two of them to see that all was well .
the attitudes which the rebs and yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred .
mr. robards -- jenny was the only person she knew of in the mt. pleasant neighborhood who called him that -- was kind but too easygoing .
even the regular democrats disowned him .
when i fell on my back , i saw a vulture hovering .
then one of the guests showed his merriment .
`` i '' -- she broke off , frowning .
the shorts alone remained .
arlene had taught them a new way to have fun in their little private area ; ;
in a sense , the showdown promised by mr. hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ;
the roof shown here ( fig. 9 ) is a 6-inch slab of reinforced concrete , covered with at least 20 inches of pit-run gravel .
in the distance he saw a band of men who seemed to advance and retreat even as he watched .
just then charles lever yelled , `` hey , jack '' , from the quarry road which ran behind the carter house , and jack grabbed the lunch from the table and darted out the kitchen door , yelling `` good-bye , mom '' over his shoulder .
4 .
it was done with great taste , was big and spacious , sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its courtly costumes , but sumptuous in a muted , pastel-like style , with rich , quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery .
the bad early poems are bad shakespeare or bad swinburne ; ;
now draw '' ! !
`` sure '' , i told him .
( still another song in `` strike up the band '' -- `` i've got a crush on you '' -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure , `` treasure girl '' .
she wiped it off with the sleeve of her coat .
`` but now what '' ? ?
no one seemed to know for sure what had happened , nor was there any purpose or responsibility in the muttering feet and urgent voices behind the driver , beyond finding out .
we sat for a while drinking in silence .
you've got no business up here '' .
social theory has no more right to expect results from meaningless questions , than physics has the right to expect a theological solution to the wave-particle controversy .
-- indonesia military supreme court has confirmed the death sentence passed on alan lawrence pope , an american pilot .
curt managed to duck beneath the man's flailing fist , and drove home a solid left to jess's mid-section .
he swayed them somewhat , but the debate raged on .
when they had gone , he stood for a minute breathing in the mustiness of old paper and leather which the busily thrumming air conditioner couldn't quite dispel .
he followed mr. blatz up the cellar stairs .
and much more commonly in recent years , the engineer who found that other duties interfered with -- or eliminated -- his engineering contributions .
the cold , mysterious presence of god was all around him .
somewhere over there another patrol had need of light .
sponsor quotes john mclendon of the mclendon-ebony station group as saying that the southern negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way degrading to his race ; ;
hendricks' story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him .
in nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general .
mickie sat over his second whisky-on-the-rocks in a little bar next to the funeral parlor on pennsylvania avenue .
3 .
the candle had been stuck on a tin lid so it wouldn't set fire to the crate when it guttered out .
ace of spades -- a widow , that was what they called a widow , these low-class crooks remembered mr. skyros distractedly .
`` both because of our culture's stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so .
provided , that nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation .
and although it was a school for men only , it afforded henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures .
with justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an inexcusable body of ignorance about the nature of the russian communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the purges , and about what had been going on in poland and the baltic states '' .
alcohol ingestion succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject ( the only one with whom this technique was tried ) .
they know from their researches into television and the movies that knights in the middle ages had beautiful flowing haircuts like little lord fauntleroy , and only the villains had beards .
spice is a fact of life in the u.s.a. .
the railroad president made the statement in an interview as the interstate commerce commission opened round 2 of its hearing into the c & o's request to control and then merge with the b & aj .
the problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values .
individual help best
the backing from the white town was greater and there was little publicity .
the anniston players and their manager ran out on the field .
the antithyroid drugs of the thiouracil type , however , are not antagonised by such means .
another man approached , this one fully dressed .
it's got to stop .
a freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at brooklyn college and demanded the `` low-down '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter .
if they should bite before i wake , i pray the lord their jaws to break '' .
we should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography .
the wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations .
if you will be using your car more than fifteen days , which isn't all unlikely , the daily rates drop quite sharply to $.86 a day for the fiat 500 and to an infinitesimal $.30 a day for the fiat 2100 station wagon .
the effluent bod averaged 34 mg/l , a little lower than that of the study at fayette indicated for a loading of 60 lb. aj .
you can sit back and moan and bewail your lot .
it was no use .
she's been hangin' around me a lot here lately , and i figgered i might as well's try it .
kitty screamed insanely and her face was white .
how to feed :
we veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at va hospitals will grow proportionately as age fosters illness .
i had a long talk with him .
what we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more dropouts .
this means practically everybody in this room .
the difference is that horace accepted his theme with a kind of silken assurance .
at the same time reaction among anti-organization democratic leaders and in the liberal party to the mayor's reported plan was generally favorable .
the area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines .
suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds .
requests must be mailed in by december 5 .
the carleton social co-operative is a standing committee of the carleton student association .
vincent sorrentino , founder and board chairman of the uncas mfg. co. , has been designated a cavaliere of the order of merit of the republic of italy .
miss joan frances baker , a graduate of smu , was married saturday to elvis leonard mason , an honor graduate of lamar state college of technology , in the chapel of the first presbyterian church of houston .
a maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home .
one republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the kennedy administration on this score .
moreover , if af and af are two planes intersecting in a line l , tangent to q at a point p , the two free intersections of the image curves af and af must coincide at p' , the image of p , and at this point af and af must have a common tangent l' .
damn good .
on the final round at pensacola , the luck of the draw paired palmer and player in the same threesome and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting duels in sport for a long time to come .
her name was esther peter .
once he has been identified , however , a new melody is used to accompany his narrative , a bleak motif with barren octaves creating a rather ancient effect :
australites ( tektites from australia ) give the appearance of a second melting .
is the land suited to the crops you intend to raise ? ?
take away george washington's statue .
an autopsy disclosed a large amount of morphine in diane's body .
with a hard eye , she informed moll : `` don't sure 'nuff me , officer .
auto , the sport-king , in two grades -- field and special ( less than $45 and just over $45 , respectively ) .
wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury subpenas to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury .
quality is vitally important .
at state college , he had no time to walk among the violets on the water's edge .
it swayed with the wicker swings and screeched with the rusted hinges of screen doors .
he is coming back , isn't he , frank '' ? ?
she was resentful of his easy success as compared with shelley's failure .
for nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the antagonisms which had given rise to the possibility of divorce .
to relieve the itch and sweat galls , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the pickets declared a private truce while the men went swimming .
the girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing prim dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and reappear in the spare uniform of the harem .
he said contributions also could be mailed to post office box 553 , warren village station .
the scene looked like a christmas card .
during his two terms the constitution was tested and found workable , strong national policies were inaugurated , and the traditions and powers of the presidential office firmly fixed .
not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk , hewed from the timbers of the british ship h.m.s. resolute and presented to president hayes by queen victoria .
two counts of assault on an officer , resisting arrest , disturbance and cursing , police said .
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties .
our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed , our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960 .
cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of aj .
happened to be driving somewhat intoxicated last night .
morgan returned to the kitchen , built a fire , and carried in several buckets of water from the spring which he poured into the copper boiler that he had placed on the stove .
she kept repeating .
but in any event , i submit that the power to depose belongs to congress , not to this court .
if any of us miss , they can pick up the pieces .
that was his true love , not penny .
for he seemed to sense at once that before him was no south sea , but the solid bulk of the north american continent .
it prepares cooperative displays ( posters , booklists , brochures , and other promotional material ) for use in member libraries ; ;
`` there's the one who's lucky '' ! !
we already have courses covering those problems , and so on .
it was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed eyelids did not blink when the flies crawled into his eye sockets .
`` we all know that jake camaret and the woman are brazenly living together .
jagged red and black medicine symbols covered his chest .
then they scraped off the mold and made fish soup .
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce .
finot held a wallet with my money and papers ; ;
mr. nixon , he believes , has no particular political philosophy and mismanaged his own campaign .
the charge that the federal indictment of three chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with malice , and individual enmity '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before judge joseph sam perry in federal district court .
`` it's a sublease .
and by the second night he was in a state of panic : he could see nothing out of the afflicted eye .
bring me the firecrackers '' .
fortunate for the music itself , it is not too frequent a visitor ; ;
other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional football's hall of fame , players' benefits and constitutional amendments .
the railroad siding is still important -- it is usually , though not always , true that long-haul shipment by rail is cheaper than trucking .
two other end-use areas which contributed to expandable styrene's growth during the year were packaging ( molded inserts replacing complicated cardboard units ) and foamed-core building panels .
figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers .
obviously , much more than customer expectation is determining the realtor's role .
it sounded silly ; ;
as these swiss were moving from the selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of minnesota , dousman of michilimackinac , michigan , and prairie du chien was traveling to red river to open a trade in merchandise .
he had to depend on himself , since he was invariably miles and hours away from others .
new schools were rising , but with this went a harsh proclamation : any academic degree earned during batista's regime was invalid .
`` dammit , phil , are you trying to wreck my career ? ?
what makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life .
simple systems are available that make it possible for urethane foam components to be poured , pumped , etc. , into a void where they foam up to fill the void .
`` against the grain of creation ''
he started by making free sketches to loosen up his thinking so that images would appear on paper .
reaching agreement on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of greater miami's hardest tasks .
when the parents emerged from the bedroom a few minutes later , the maid greeted them quietly .
this possibility is anything but reassuring .
for further information contact director , office of business economics , u.s. department of commerce , washington 25 , d.c. .
cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs .
at once .
repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars .
it is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing .
i let up on the accelerator , only to gradually reach again the 60 m.p.h. which would , i hoped , overhaul herry and the blonde , and as there were cars whose drivers apparently had something more important to catch than had i , mrs. major roebuck settled down to practicing on corporal johnson the kittenish wiles she would need when making her duty call on colonel and mrs. somebody in sante fe .
in the final analysis his contribution to american historiography was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion , economics , and darwinism , the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history .
i would ask , `` why not do both '' ? ?
use one 6-ounce chicken breast for each guest .
we see at once what victor hugo means when he calls macbeth a northern scion of the house of atreus .
i saw `` fiorello ! !
the quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection .
and romantic ? ?
the psychological incompatibility of these emotional states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference .
that obligations of status that were inconsistent with the new politics and the new economics be done away with .
besides its historical significance as a break with the centuries-old tradition of british insularity , britain's move , if successful , will constitute an historic landmark of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of europe and the western world .
for a moment he could make no sense at all of what he saw .
julia , seeing the bandage , rushed to him .
if you have a year-round , full-time job you can't expect to grow much more than your family uses -- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help .
`` you do seem to '' , said henrietta , impressed .
`` she don't know nothing about them cars .
it could have unilaterally abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations .
he remarked : `` it has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received telepathically by the medium from the sitter '' .
the united nations charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world .
`` dingy-looking '' , was what she said .
i ask you all to support me in this .
they suggested several new foods , and usually i found them good , except the sweets , which i think i could learn to like .
to this meek conjugation nicolas had replied , `` o.k. i can use this blanket .
we have quite a few home-grown specimens of our own .
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily .
but after that service , they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table , have bedtime prayers , and bible stories .
washing is continued for 30 minutes or for a period of time sufficient to allow 100 nips or passes through the squeeze rolls .
jazz is good not only because it promotes wholeness but because of its decided sexual effect .
ten days after the questionnaires were mailed , follow-up airmail postcards were sent urging those companies which had not yet returned their questionnaires to do so at once .
`` i'd give anything if i could have found a girl like you '' .
he got it onto his shoulder after some work and carried it outside and down to the jeep .
he rose late and went down in his bathrobe and slippers to have breakfast either alone or with rachel .
on the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter .
finally , mama did mention to mrs. coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs , and then mrs. coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone , even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity .
on the highway he relaxed and enjoyed the drive over lake pontchartrain and along the coast .
the music here , russell smith's `` tetrameron '' , sounded good .
`` lookit that come down , willya '' , said the man , scratching himself , yawning .
flatiron , electric -- approximately 3 lb.
closed doors in city hall
at the end of the monologue the audience would applaud .
the mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a vigreux column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then degassed under vacuum in the presence of af .
under the 1939 code this item was permitted to survive a tax-free reorganization in the stanton brewery case , but only over the dissent of judge learned hand , who wrote the majority opinion in the sansome case , a leading case requiring carryover of earnings and profits in a non-taxable reorganization .
it was the night clayton had tricked them in the poker game .
he drank slowly with due appreciation .
the clearly identifiable enemy continued on as if no one else were around .
the sergeant froze .
in painter's office this evening .
as a business man i have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day .
this evening , they were pushed in from the breakfast room , with odds and ends of dessert distributed over them .
as you can count on me to do the same .
two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display .
whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of christ on the cross , with the rest of his sufferings and obediences , in the time of his life here , after he was born of the virgin mary ? ?
`` i want you to have the speakers taken out '' .
it made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments , and among the executive , legislative and judicial branches .
a single 24-hr. composite sample had a bod of 260 mg/l , indicating a typical domestic sewage .
i found a parking place half a block away , sat in the car and waited .
saxton has made only one second-half appearance this season and that was in the washington state game , for four plays : he returned the kickoff 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then uncorked a 56-yard touchdown run before retiring to the bench .
poems of the past and the present and time's laughing stocks , both published while hardy was at work on the dynasts , draw heavily on poems written before 1900 .
`` you're too lazy to go out and look for another job .
this gives you a wide and varied choice .
she lay still on the bed , her head hardly denting the pillow ; ;
gilborn stood there for a long time .
hydrogen is just as plentiful as uranium is scarce .
respondents' practices in participating in negotiated bidding for defense purposes ( part d of the questionnaire ) 5 .
`` our own people .
the former county school superintendent , george p. callan , shot himself to death march 18 , four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board .
cattle stealing and killing , again serious during the spring of 1891 , placed the land grant company officers in a perplexing position .
it seemed almost a magnification of the galaxy itself , of the milky way , blown up by some master photographer .
in this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl .
they evaluate and nominate candidates for appointment and promotion .
they must learn to wear several hats , so to speak , working with management , sales and engineering problems related to the product .
in his own words , bang-jensen ' took it for granted that the group would report to the secretary general privately and not in public .
he sat beside kate's bed with the others throughout the morning , talking , talking of god's will , while kate lay staring angrily at him .
these were heroes nine feet tall to him '' .
she wore a bathing suit like his mother's , no straps on the shouders .
in a few months the duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the touchy question of the protestant succession .
nuclear weapons are fearsome , but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and merciless swiftness which is much more terrifying .
educational policy in the united states has as an explicit goal the maximization of economic and cultural opportunity .
he would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country .
he devised a detonating fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current .
it was `` the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to synthesize literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to outdo each other in spenglerian inclusiveness .
female individuals of psithyrus look deceptively like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they victimize .
no one ever learned what happened to the greek .
jeb cautioned him not to be too hopeful and then , ignoring his own advice , said excitedly , `` but it does sound good .
we are here because all our paths travel a blind course through a thick forest , seeking human dignity .
the sharp cries at the end of the valley were faint .
pen and ink , indelible -- or other suitable marking device .
in france , when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines , one visits the restaurant well ahead of time , chooses the wines and , with the advice of the manager and his chef , builds the menu around them .
eventually herdin' the hosses was spoken of as `` hoss rustlin' '' , and the wrangler was called the `` hoss rustler '' .
it is not in the record , but he must have galloped his horse at peach tree creek when he brought up ward's guns to save newton's crumbling line .
16 ) .
in any case he would be thrusting a burden on his remaining sons , making them parties to a deception peculiarly his own .
one girl expressed what was obviously in their minds .
it is common to shift back and forth , working up through a number of supervisory and individual-contributor positions .
this something leads to a conception of an over-all social plan with a meaning interpretable in terms of ultimate ends ; ;
it is possible , of course , to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get `` the feel '' of real interior design demands .
when he opened the door , there stood eugene , on his way out of the apartment .
the content of that psychological status determines , ultimately , the content of civilization .
there the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean skeletal age '' for the maturity series boys and girls .
`` i had no idea that you , too , would be on this glorious voyage .
under the scraggly brows the pale old eyes burned with a bitter memory .
what was new yesterday is obsolescent today .
as was only natural he confided his searchings to ann , conceding ruefully that it certainly looked as if their own congregationalists were wrong and the baptists right .
such conversation quickly reveals an ethically significant ambivalence in the self-images held by most realtors .
man , how i love nigger pussy ! !
communications
we will recall that the still confident liberals of the truman administration gathered with other western utopians in san francisco to set up the legal framework , finally and at last , to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the united nations .
it is not a farfetched analogy to say that this is what thomas did to poetry .
she took another bite of toast .
what would his guns guide on then -- the north star ? ?
`` where're you takin' me '' ? ?
two men , together like us , we could do somethin fine out there , maybe find a place where no one's ever been .
some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate .
and i was curious about the african reaction .
-- the size of the area alone can be a determining factor .
can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to god as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the foolishness of god '' and `` the foolishness of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ?
but have the results been heartening ? ?
the figure leapt from the box , almost lost its balance , the flag draped there tore in the air , the figure landed on its left leg , fell on its hands , and pressed itself up .
the firms to receive the questionnaires were selected with this objective in mind .
such legislation was clarified and extended from time to time thereafter .
the climate and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the riots were `` communist '' inspired .
if they follow anyone , it'll have to be you '' .
`` billie was really beautiful '' ! !
perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger .
there have even been serious errors in the u. s. forest service , whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training , he added .
the voice was that of johnson , tail gunner off another crew .
`` about 35 '' .
costs actually vary in much more complex ways .
he has notified me that he has orders to go to washington to take over the army of the potomac .
there are thus three components to an optimal design problem : ( 1 )
so mel chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of garryowen , just as he himself had been sold a short time before .
`` that house & home round table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials handling '' , says clarence thompson , long chairman of the lumber dealers' research council .
it would have been unwise policy , for instance , to apply the pound-of-flesh characterization to the thrifty scotchman .
either way it's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation .
as matsuo climbed by using the vines and kicking his feet against the trunk , a mood of gloom immersed him like a jungle shadow .
we found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the crystallites in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination .
we can also argue that the three brothers karamazov and smerdyakov were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , dostoevsky , a conflict having to do with father-murder and the wish to possess the father's woman .
`` maybe there isn't .
eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply demarcated from her day-after-day behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` did you see granny '' ? ?
the possibility of a space charge blowup of the screen crossover of the elementary electron bundles has been pointed out .
perhaps you would like to become a writer .
as a result , such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him .
a goal was fixed , as given in table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment .
public relations strategists everywhere , watching the reaction of the german press , the liberal press , the lunatic-fringe press , listening to their neighbors , studying interviews with men and women on the street , cried out : too much , too much -- the mind of the audience is becoming dulled , the horrors are losing their effect .
`` and how is she '' ? ?
brannon dismounted and climbed the steps .
liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of soaps for industry and the household and of glycerin for such industrial uses as making explosives .
he couldn't afford to have anyone mess around with them , he said .
a few newer homes have western flush toilets , but even with running water , they are usually eastern style .
in situations of this sort the board generally favors the expansion of free education .
`` no ! !
within seconds the big barn was blasted into smoking splinters , with every outlaw either dead or injured inside .
we hold safe little jobs illustrating tooth-paste ads or the salacious incidents in trivial novels , and most of our easel painting is nothing but picking the fluff out of the navel so it can be contemplated in greater purity .
i hope raphael bought them whole '' .
abstractions and semi-abstractions by everett mcnear are being exhibited by the university gallery of notre dame until nov. 5 .
chiefly remembered because of his incessant advocacy of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also espoused a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the indians .
`` i've been after her for years '' , needham said , `` but i've never been able to get anywhere until the last few days '' .
combine first 4 ingredients in saucepan ; ;
he moved the flights over against one wall .
look , sweetheart , some fool was .
so this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the medium's esp and the absent sitter's mind .
`` the important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' .
i hear the boot of lucifer , i see his filthy face '' ! !
it is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by bruckmann and coulomb .
let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment '' , he urges .
he did not look back ; ;
most babes survived the techniques of pituitary manipulation that kept their bodies small , eliminating the necessity of transfers from smaller to larger shells .
his `` monumental '' abstraction , made up of smooth , metallic `` non-objects '' acting upon each other with great tension , won helion much acclaim during the 'thirties .
he would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to coax a smile to her lips .
she did not go so far as to say , as was done on other occasions , that abstraction as well as impressionism were a russian invention that had been discarded as unwanted by the people of the u.s.s.r.
they had winged over the adriatic , they had taken bari by complete surprise and now they were battering her , attacking with deadly skill .
`` if you substitute ' atom ' for ' angel ' , the problem is not insoluble , given the metallic content of the pin in question '' .
it stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and mcpherson's aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown .
`` no , sir '' , johnson said .
on the christophers' lawn , little girls in white pinafores were playing grownups at a tea party .
the choice is yours : god is in your hands , now .
a glimpse of three of four vague figures , at the most .
yet during the same period there were 1,080,062 additions .
`` pa don't care about the kid '' .
then , too , misplaced or jammed-together teeth are prone to trapping food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay .
and then 500,000 .
`` we aim t' be see-lective , y'know ? ?
he clutched that knowledge to him as he returned to his dressing room .
but , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of old chinese cosmological concepts .
every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' .
fights sprang up and were quickly squelched .
she had queried in her soft guttural .
do not overfill the chamber .
the book concerned with the negro's role in an urban society is rare indeed ; ;
`` all right '' , he conceded finally , `` if you must know , i don't get along with the landlord .
his condition was said to be , `` fair '' .
under modern conditions , this is especially true of the ready reserve .
speeches by the soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural maryland rotarians and national press club alike .
it's for carabao not airplanes '' .
`` if i have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition , i mean to project equal concern for color .
makes 8 sandwiches or 4 servings .
he was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance , medium stature , and handsome face .
mrs. monmouth thought of him as her discovery , and she paid two to three hundred dollars for a painting .
in order to be able to properly relate the data for a single company each of the three cards comprising the set for each firm was identified with the appropriate serial number of the respondent .
then , noting neither the absence of his footwear nor the presence of the rosebuds , he made his way to the byzantine room and , with his usual dignity , mounted the rostrum .
my wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there .
they plot the open interest curves , rainfall curves , and they even divide democratic congressmen by republican congressmen .
in a brief chapter dealing with `` various other diagnoses '' , he quotes isolated passages from some writers whose views seem to corroborate his own , and finds it `` most remarkable that a critical view of twentieth-century society was already held by a number of thinkers living in the nineteenth .
the social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members .
i had had my name taken out of the telephone book , and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from sing sing and who called me night after night .
now martin heard himself give a snort of mock good nature .
-- encouraging by every means , all existing assemblies of god churches to start new churches .
the future could be worse .
or she might place cornstarch in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts .
the secret little corner of his mind , which stayed sane through happiness and pain , made him wonder about b'dikkat .
the cast :
our muscles were hot wires of pain .
it was our hope to educate him and to give him his freedom when the right time came , for he was a bright and friendly youth who seemed worthy of our interest .
they whirled and saw him , standing there dim in the slatted light from the boarded freight wall .
i wouldn't have missed it for anything .
the form itself is stored in the next available cells of the w-region , beginning in cell af .
`` i'll go , clay '' .
the notion of philosophy as queen bee may fit well with authoritarian modes of political ideology , but it has been noted that the price of such an imperial notion of philosophy is the frustration and flagellation of the social sciences .
it was a disaster ! !
the clock which had struck presented an innocent face .
or antares '' ? ?
it was at the end of the sidewalk in front of the dellwood cemetery cottage .
`` nothing's free in the whole goddam world '' , was all i could think of to say .
he knew that in this mood he could not be stopped .
pelham pointed out that georgia voters last november rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future legislature sessions .
a close friend of hers in the roman days described it this way :
the market was not far and , once there , the doctor's sense of immediacy left him and he fell into a state of harmony with the birds around him .
mr. dwyer said that although it was obvious that mr. rayburn was not well he stopped , gave the youngster his autograph , asked where he was from and expressed the hope that he would enjoy his visit to congress .
`` mr. flannagan has been away for six weeks .
i went out into it .
the image of man which enters into force with aeschylus is still vital in phedre and athalie .
the stage had been empty , except for harry hawk , doing his star monologue .
your wife's in terrible shape '' .
heading for the batwings , cobb glanced perfunctorily through the nearest window , and suddenly dodged aside .
although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in rhode island , there are also certain difficulties encountered .
this favorable image of america in the minds of russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic anti-american propaganda ''
since the slogans have little application to reality and are sanctimonious to boot , the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government .
i am suggesting that a case-history approach to the oedipus complex is a blind alley for a storyteller .
gavin's stallion was in the barn and he tightened the cinches over the saddle blanket , working by touch in the darkness , comforting the animal with easy words .
then he called on the governor to explain why .
the dice were cast .
as a youth he became one of finney's band of evangelists and gave himself to winning young men .
heidenstam's conception , on the contrary , was to revive the present by the memories of the past .
format :
i was again in motion and at a speed which belied the truck's similarity to senor x's ford turtle .
siberia spoke icelandic .
`` unfortunately , there is still little demand for broccoli and cauliflower '' .
let senora brannon live in her father's house for a time .
seemingly , with an unrestricted flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' .
captain musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the casks of olive oil together for a raft .
these are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice .
i didn't catch a wink .
the when and how of straightening
however , it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order .
tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is familar to every practicing field linguist .
i could see their faces glistening with sweat and bear grease , their mouths open , shouting their spine-chilling cries .
he did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer .
the measure was instantly taken , as always in such cases , of public men at many levels .
public libraries in nassau county have been lending books to each other by mail for a quarter-century , but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis .
she asked bobby joe that night .
while it must be said that these same protestants have built some new churches during this period , and that religious population shifts have emptied churches , a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer protestants are going to church .
and a store was broken into and robbed .
the moonlit night was made for romance , and he had been looking at her soulfully for some time .
there they stayed '' .
i did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the creator would be at least as just as the most righteous of his creatures ; ;
he had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the ill-prepared , ill-equipped british forces `` were outmaneuvered , outfought and outgeneraled '' .
o'banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant irish plasterer , in the north side's little hell , close by the sicilian quarter and death corner .
both monks respond to the guard's challenge with a few phrases of their begging song ; ;
to the traditionalists , it was a brilliant satire on modernism ; ;
another yank parodied the familiar bedtime prayer : `` now i lay me down to sleep , the gray-backs o'er my body creep ; ;
clinging to the enemy-jew idea , he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and neighborliness ; ;
nowhere in isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the persians shown so well as during the promenade at the khaju bridge .
indeed , the belgians discouraged higher education , fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest .
the new york dancers are highly eclectic , varying the pattern with all kinds of personal improvisations , back bends or floor crawls .
he senses his mother's disapproval .
`` sure '' , he said , and lifted the pint to his own lips .
if he dwelt on the indignities he suffered he would lose all respect for her , and without the respect he might lose his view of her , too .
there was no point either in telling herself again what a fool she'd been .
the meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers .
aces ( ones ) with three dice .
more than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including new york , brooklyn , long island city , newark , elizabeth , stamford , waterbury , new haven , bridgeport , boston , cambridge , worcester , and waltham .
yes : though not professional musicians , they were a music-loving family .
house throws wild
this viewpoint is further supported by verloop's ( '48 ) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and arteriolar muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves .
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions .
negro parents have filed application for admission of additional children to schools in alexandria , arlington , fairfax , and warren counties .
when heidegger and sartre speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , i don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me .
the men crying love poems in an orchard on any summer's night are as often as not the lutihaw , mustachioed toughs who spend most of their lives in and out of the local prisons , brothels , and teahouses .
results
he believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by churchill , who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for hitler's war .
and that gun was empty .
one may be sure the present republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error .
the amount which may be borrowed from the sba depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan .
on shore `` the freed slaves to despotism '' -- the town dwellers -- watched the ships and waited .
the romantics were the immediate inheritors of this tremendous change .
despite the excitement being caused by the trial and sentence of john brown , rhode islanders turned their attention to the state elections .
you would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from bears stadium last year because of the television policy .
`` clay '' , he said , `` where are we goin '' ? ?
the left will follow at once .
he parked facing it and left the headlights on , but when he started into the tunnel with the suitcase , he found the illumination extended no farther than half a dozen feet into the passage .
`` she expecting me to '' ? ?
one issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems .
it'll take time '' .
in the room next to theirs was a huge cradle , of mahogany , ornately carved and decorated with gold leaf .
because they were new men and to be sure that they didn't get lost , prevot had placed warren and white in the center of the patrol as it filed out .
stanley really was quite predictable .
that word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair .
we find , in the first place , that the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education , positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing , do not accept most of the criticisms levelled against higher education in the public prints , and , on the whole , approve of the way their university deals with value-problems and value inculcation .
we believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment .
after a reception at the mayfair , the newlyweds left for a wedding trip to new orleans , la. .
baroque instrumental music in italy and germany tends to be strong , lively , intense , controlled and quite abstract .
perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital .
the purpose of this fourth voyage was clear .
but he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of vientiane , including the royal capital , luang prabang .
`` i could use some help '' , morgan said finally , `` but i can't afford to pay you anything .
to alex they were merely six not unusual hens' eggs .
i am only singling out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects .
moreover , an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the u. s. was not inflexible and was sparing no effort to ease international tensions .
bobby joe took a gun from behind the door , and with a quick `` bye now '' was gone for the day .
in this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the capacitor is formed by a pressure-sensing transducer .
they fled from the victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy atlantic .
it was apparent that welch was in cahoots with marshall and would use his power as d.a. to drag every possible sensation into the case .
while a senator , kennedy had unsuccessfully pushed a bill to preserve the belasco theater , as well as the dolley madison and the benjamin taylor houses , all scheduled for razing .
example 11 .
they export also .
mainly of what conrad had tried to make him believe .
she had been sent to the wrong place for duty .
they didn't .
confrontation
current status ? ?
otherwise , cross over the corso and walk a block or so to the left .
the possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is species-dependent is therefore inferred .
these programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land developers tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow .
there's someone there i have to see .
the aged care plan , similar to one the president sponsored last year as a senator , a fight on capitol hill .
for what sam rayburn's life in this house teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district .
i tried to quiet nadine because the children were there .
it was dark inside the room but enough light spilled from the restaurant behind her to enable her to make out a round table with a green cloth top .
it is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the congress were from the less developed , former colonial nations .
the storyline , in sort , is wildly unrealistic .
on some distant farm a rooster crowed and , far down the valley , an associate answered .
with mickey mantle and yogi berra both out of action due to injuries , the american league champs still mounted a 15-hit attack against a parade of eight cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game .
`` evil , man , evil '' , he said , and that's all he said for the rest of the night .
in june , 1960 , an early draft of the questionnaire , along with a cover letter , was mailed to fourteen companies in the state of washington .
front fences were covered with virginia creeper or trumpet vines or honeysuckle .
she describes , first , the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this `` unseasonable exultation '' ; ;
sheep fattening rations
`` oh , mr. davis , are you there '' ? ?
but he added that none of georgia's congressmen specifically asked him to offer the resolution .
the marksman has some probability p , perhaps 0.1 , of making a bull's-eye .
`` if i thought you were serious about going back to school , that you'd learned something from your experiences here and at hanover -- well , i might consider such an offer .
`` i've got to run an errand on the way .
clearly not .
it does not take a gallup poll to find out that most republicans in congress feel this understates the situation as republicans see it .
`` you won't , if you're looking for a redhead .
probable agreement
it is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate .
he even calls upon the poets to defend the muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue .
by 1883 the `` battenkill telegraph company '' was in existence and alvin pettibone was its president .
b .
he half woke and rolled over with his face in the cooler grass .
you figure it out .
canada .
i said , `` mr. mckenzie , it is as authentic as careful research can make it '' .
2 .
we cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or alleviation of collective ills .
`` ' and let me go , for the night gathers me , and in the night shall no man gather fruit ' '' .
we know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the jew .
he looked at where roberts lay sprawled on the step .
therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one unkind word from his parents and never has been taunted by his schoolmates ! !
a new red carpet had been laid for their coming , but i walked on it , too .
if only the fucken weather wasn't so lousy ! !
definition .
each had been shot in the back several times with a
nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the new york city area .
you shouldn't be up , should you '' ? ?
they thought of themselves , to use jefferson's words , as `` the argonauts '' who had lived in `` the heroic age '' .
the short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` thoughts in loneliness '' is , as professor book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others .
before her chore was finished she was rescuing wind-blown sheets of music , trundling microphones about the stage , helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere .
last year beyeler arranged to sell $1,500,000 worth of klees to the state of north rhine-westphalia , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built .
further , we see by lemma 2 that the multiplicity of f can only change at a tangent point , and at such a point can only change by an even integer .
like green , trevelyan aimed to write a history not of `` english kings or english conquests '' , but of the english people .
he had no desire to .
they felt that they too could counteract the upward arm movement by a voluntary effort after they had once experienced the reaction .
in this phase of change , no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community .
from there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 .
he was a man , those neighbors testified later , who didn't have a friend in the world .
the identification of the basic unit of religious organization -- the parish or congregation -- with a residential area is self-defeating in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the christian fellowship and the transmutation of mission to co-optation .
similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decline , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the chartist that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood .
such a group of thermometers was obtained and calibrated at the aj .
in the future , quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy , and the qualitative need will be greater still .
`` we would see it that way , but it was glorious then .
check the elevation of the ground , degree and direction of slopes , drainage , rock outcrops , topsoil types and quality , as well as subsoil .
winter itch was treated by applying strong apple cider in which pulverized bloodroot had been steeped .
angrily martin wished they had delayed the wedding and gone on a trip -- preferably one that lasted months -- instead of deciding not to postpone the date until he could get away .
tension
`` i like his clothes for their drama and simplicity and appreciate the great impact he has on fashion '' .
maybe suicide , if it looks reasonable .
a third idea is that artistic literature serves to reduce emotional conflicts , giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals .
he was a wiry , inscrutable , silent country boy from the red clay of rural alabama , and he spoke with the broad drawl that others normally make fun of .
as many as seven decades of the time scale were thus covered isothermally .
the library has open shelves even in the unbound periodical stockroom .
another virginia sight and a photographic adventure are the luray caverns , lit by photofloodlights .
keerist .
if the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ;
with these gadgets -- impressive to the gullible because of their flashing light bulbs , ticks , and buzzes -- he then carries out a vicious medical con game , capitalizing on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age .
one of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group confessional where people could admit of their inner tensions '' .
neither of them got very far beyond a sort of entranced rapture at his own creativity .
`` it's one of the rules on transients .
this error was compounded by declaring the recession to be `` a statistical one '' , and not a reality .
`` it was a terrible loss to me '' , said kate quietly , feeling the pain twist again at the mention , knowing now that juanita must have written to him at grafton .
have we not actually developed idea worship ? ?
the new promotion manager has been employed by the company since january , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department .
this invariably effaces any wine's character , and drives its fragrance underground .
he spoke of the season of dryness and dust , brought by the monsoon from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the monsoon from the southwest .
chicago , aug. 9
austin , texas
he was delighted to see them so happy .
at lexington , kentucky , palfrey consulted with cassius m. clay on the same subject , but with no apparent result .
when it was my turn , i , too , printed the truth as i knew it about batista , and rejoiced to see his regime topple .
he had promised cheaper housing : arbitrarily he cut all rents in half , whether the landlord was a millionaire speculator or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room .
after a few hours , life hadn't showed , and i was crocked .
the only reason for contacting lissa was to comfort or to be comforted .
he appeared to be peering haughtily down his nose at the crowded and unclean vessel that would carry him to freedom .
the failure at that time of the puerto rican bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to father weigel's theological argument .
the fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be elucidated .
the 34 arrows , denoting onset age plus completion age deviations , have been arrayed in an onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest onset of the 34 girls .
`` so you know something of the classics , do you '' ? ?
then comes the time when the last wire is removed and susie walks out a healthier and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist .
dictionaries , as we have seen , still cite this government , along with the articles of confederation of 1781 , as an example of a confederacy .
and almost the only `` cure '' is early detection and removal .
but he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to harvard for a third year with professor baker .
but his greatest achievement , in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers , was his amazing ability to produce literary latin pieces , and he was often called on to do so .
information is hereby given that mr. timothy palmer of newburyport , mass. has agreed to take charge of the concerns of the patentees of the chain bridge , in the states of massachusetts , new hampshire , vermont , rhode island , and connecticut , so far as relates to the sale of patent rights and the construction of chain bridges .
precious had me worried .
he rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end .
bomb berlin ! !
whenever the place was cleaned or a meal served it was precious who did the work .
private george gray hunter of pennsylvania wrote : `` i am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' .
eddie lee leaned forward over the desk .
i've caused him trouble before , and he's beginning to resent me .
he had no idea where he was .
the sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example , a quiet meditative sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap ; ;
`` this is not a program of socialized medicine .
he must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` the lord is my light and my salvation ; ;
each male willow catkin is composed of a large number of small flowers .
having completed our camera work , we started our climb .
william lewis made the rounds of all who lived near him again , that august morning after a bullet landed at his feet , and once more he accused and threatened everyone .
during 1960 , two important conferences were organized by the development council's industrial division .
fiddles screeched ; ;
by tradition , a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the tannin and acids to have worked out and the sediment have settled well .
even less regard for mom and mom's apple pie goes with : af in other words , the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated .
the charges of the electron and proton are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but dr. lyttleton is not so sure .
an ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` dear sis .
`` he's dead , isn't he '' ? ?
the flat-bed press is maintained at a temperature not less than 275-degrees-f ( 135*0c. ) .
when they were refused entrance to his brother's house nearby , they smashed down the door , broke the window , and threw lighted clothes wet with kerosene into the room .
because of these involvements in the matter at stake , boniface lacked the impartiality that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in retrospect that would seem to be sufficient reason why the english embassies to the curia proved so fruitless .
directly opposite the door was a roaring log fire , a welcome sight on that bitterly cold day .
i should like at this time , mr. speaker , to pay warm tribute to arthur hays sulzberger and charles merz on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in american journalism .
if the republicans and southern democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the social security program , they will thereby erect still another barrier to gop hopes in the cities .
for before someone takes up an attitude toward death , suffering , or their infliction , they have no moral quality at all .
but carla's eyes were on agnese whose glowing face and softening eyes gave her a look of warmth and happiness .
these specialists perform valuable services by helping teachers learn to identify children who need special attention , by suggesting ways of meeting the needs of individual children in the regular classroom , and by providing clinical services for severely maladjusted children .
they were going to town , and they were both excited .
the sail , ragged though it was , still had enough surface to catch some of the ocean of power being poured out from the nursery stars .
philippians 1 : 6 .
as an example of this last facet , there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement .
soothing it with his hand , knowing the whiskered jowls and the swollen smoothness of teats that wrinkled expectantly to his touch .
the problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in apparel or home decoration .
first priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state .
in february 1801 , oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead .
neither are beds , thanks to air mattresses and sleeping bags .
in general , there is no society so secularized as to be completely without religiously inspired transcendental ends .
the queen mary has long been a symbol of speed , luxury , and impeccable british service on the high seas .
i was slowly swimming down to the bottom of the sea .
another stock vaudeville gag ran : `` mother is home sick in bed with the doctor '' .
of these exhibits , 154 were newly constructed .
wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts .
`` they're looking for trouble '' .
the transducer is a null-type instrument and employs a stretched diaphragm , 0.001 in. thick and 1 in. in diameter .
the industry
you know where tim is , don't you , mrs. williams '' ? ?
) even i can remember nothing but ruined cellars and tumbled pillars , and nobody has lived there in the memory of any living man .
church loses pace
i think he might be '' , conrad said grimly .
i wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks , then he'd come around with the completed lyric '' .
`` do you have a boy friend '' ? ?
until the bucs' bats quieted down a bit in cincinnati over the weekend , the champions had eight men hitting over .
there had been some coconut in it , for i remember my mother's taking a quick glance at a stringy bit of this nut on the cheek of one of them and then putting down her radish with a shiver .
he served as commander in chief during the revolution without compensation .
all through the republic , plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens .
mellow bronzy-green-gold fabrics and the gleam of copper and hand-crafted ceramic accessories reiterate the mood as does the alexander smith carpet in all wool loop pile .
the very proposition was sacrilege .
far off , in the dusk , he heard voices singing , muffled but strong .
`` you have every right to be '' , i replied gravely in the manu dialect , but my attention was fixed on brassnose , the biggest and strongest of us .
they include the navy's atlantic command at norfolk , virginia , which is in contact with the polaris subs ; ;
he was to get involved in no arguments ; ;
the bank which held the mortgage on the old church declared that the interest was considerably in arrears , and the real estate people said flatly that the land across the river was being held for an eventual development for white working people who were coming in , and that none would be sold to colored folk .
we attempted to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned .
issue no. 6 .
he no longer had to lie in his bunk all night , his eyes closed , pretending to sleep .
`` i held still for the same thing , didn't i ? ?
`` i am resting today in his wonderful peace ,
yet if you looked closely you'd see that his eyes did not pick up the smile on his lips .
it is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of 3,400 ) do a significant amount of programing for the negro .
watson snorted and then laughed aloud .
she just wouldn't listen .
mrs. hewlitt led the birthcontrol league , mrs. ryerson was arthritis , and way in the distance could be seen the slate roof of ethel littleton's house , a roof that signified gout .
at 17:07 that afternoon ( greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the seismograph alarm in honolulu .
bend handle ; ;
but the twenties were not all insanity and a striving after recognition .
in tularemia produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a finger .
it is , in fact , a relatively mild chastisement of the dead .
often tempted to ask questions but he never did .
johnston believed that sherman put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various fords .
one day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in westminster abbey his view was obstructed by a stout man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` i want a word with you , please '' .
the dromozoa kept him alive , but he did not know how they did it .
he is talking about an action which just as efficaciously does an evil thing ( and is known certainly and unavoidably to lead to this evil result ) as it efficaciously does some good .
these lines never cease to haunt the book amidst all the exaltations of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war .
push-ups are essential , but few have the strength for them at first .
i was so hungry my stomach felt all lines of communication had been severed .
i tried my hardest , with little help , may i say , from my husband and leading man , but somehow the outside pressures were too severe .
he then sold her some capsules that he asserted would take care of the tumors and cysts until she could collect the money for buying his machine .
he assures us , early in the poetics , that all art is `` imitation '' and that all imitation gives pleasure , but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means , manner , and the objects of the imitation .
franny and zooey .
distillers use corn , malt , wheat , grain sorghum , and rye in making beverage alcohol .
within erikson's schema , the adolescent's delinquent behavior -- in this case , her unwed motherhood -- reflects her `` identity diffusion '' , or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively .
how much of an accident could that be '' ? ?
he strained to hear .
consulting engineer ,
moreover , it should not be so fastidious in its growth requirements as to make production on a militarily significant scale improbable .
the national park service now proposes to preserve an area in pottawatomie county , northeast kansas , as a `` prairie national park '' .
in the latter cases an additional treatment of the deae-cellulose-treated af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity .
on wednesday morning , november 2 , 1859 , the providence daily journal stated that although brown justly deserved the extreme penalty , no man , however criminal , ought to suffer the penalty without a fair trial .
they are many and varied .
too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment .
to the editor of the inquirer :
`` amen '' , said the reverend doran , grabbing his rifle propped up against a tombstone , `` and now my brethren , it would seem that our presence is required elsewhere '' .
their gait is impossible to convey in words .
then , `` i'm not talking .
a professor and the army
sometimes the streetcar was late .
instead , they went on down the hall to their room .
he saw her hand start to work down the leather thong toward the handle of the quirt , and he grabbed her wrist .
i was proud of the new buildings which housed diario now : the rotogravures , gleaming behind glass doors ; ;
in other words , like automation machines designed to work in tandem , they shared the same programming , a mutual understanding not only of english words , but of the four stresses , pitches , and junctures that can change their meaning from black to white .
music of the spheres
our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target .
the consequences , of course , have been dreadful : reckless expansion has led to overpopulation , pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources .
it made no sense to him .
the basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago .
a texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` what has become of halda and laura ? ?
publisher richardson has updated the blue book `` but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers , addresses , other residences , club affiliations and marriages '' .
the knowledge kept him from analyzing his scheme to death , and took him through the last hours of that night in a peace of exalted fanaticism .
it is the theme of horace , who certainly otherwise bears little resemblance to parker or thomas .
mr. notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the central falls city council on july 10 and sent to the state house by miss grant .
somebody had scrawled american express , piazza di spagna ? ?
instead of pulling into the curb , shayne increased his speed slightly to the corner where he swung left .
just about to get their asses kicked into hut seven .
when the platform is aligned , the reflected image of the crossed hairs can be seen exactly superimposed upon the original crossed hairs .
it is particularly the artist ( tonio kroger , aschenbach , leverkuhn ) who suffers from it .
you see , you got to remember , we all got schedules , like any business ! !
`` i know '' , he said , reading her mind .
at the sight of sally's happy face and carefree expression , harmony's dark , brooding eyes quickly brightened with unshed tears .
`` i'm sorry i haven't got a glass '' , i said .
the mature person is creative .
a michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` i am well at present with the exception i have got the dyerear and i hope thease few lines find you the same '' .
everything must wait upon this mission , this sentimental duty of a pilgrim whose nature avoided graveyards .
she is vacationing at the kennedy summer home in hyannis port , mass. , and in his welcoming remarks , the president said he was representing her .
why , in the first place , call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with womb-to-tomb controls over everybody ? ?
if it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the president on resuming atmospheric tests .
i said , `` wait wait '' to charlie and he grinned , digging the reference .
it implies two misconceptions .
the matter may seem a small thing to some people , i know , but it's a very good start on the road to totalitarianism the commission has posted signs in washington square saying :
and one u.s. official said : `` the key question now is which side picks up the phone first '' .
heaven , acting through the tao , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the yin and the yang .
this prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : under prevailing policy , the u.s. can take the initiative against the right , but cannot take the initiative against the left .
`` zeros '' ! !
however , there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss .
)
`` hi '' ! !
the pilots' heads looked ridiculously small .
sunday new orleans brunches continue at the trade winds but the daily french buffets have been called off .
a degree of indefiniteness is a salutary condition for the growth of science .
charcoal '' ? ?
the second half of the sixteenth century in england was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature , especially the drama .
the songs sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a kindred character they knew entirely or in fragments .
`` bastards '' , he said aloud , spitting on them .
lagrange's law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to gravity .
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it -- good guys and bad guys in the old west -- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's .
subsystems
taylor , president and voting stockholder of taylor and co. , beverly hills , has been active in the securities business since 1925 .
laura keene had been in the green room .
second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? ?
he may then very well conclude that `` everybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment .
( opposite page , top left ) : remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold .
an hour later we were back in my unpadded pad , killing what had been left of the second pint .
a philosopher may point out that the troubles of the congo began with the old adam and consequently will never end .
it was like a recurrent , annoying dream , but now the dream was beginning to take on overtones of a nightmare .
perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and remains within the mainstream of his work , while being suited to a new form .
the most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical properties .
andrei remembered that his own reaction had been one of indifference .
`` i don't want to leave here , winston '' .
he prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like .
we must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem .
this would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on december 31 .
but because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in laos , the soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would bog washington in a tactical mess .
well , dietrich won't budge from mccormick place .
the united states might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the european recovery program to push the hesitant european nations toward political federation as well as economic cooperation , but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the united states government at the time .
as the accelerometer output is decreasing , the torque applied to the gyro output axis decreases and , therefore , the rate decreases .
he went on to explain what he had in mind .
he lurched drunkenly to his feet , lowered his head , and took one step away from the wall .
that cock .
how could supplying eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could collaborate in the murder of millions of jews without being an anti-semite contribute to a verdict against anti-semitism ? ?
the crupper under his tail seemed to be old stuff .
of particular meaning to the charles macwhorter family , 3181 sw 24th ter. , will be the family dedication service planned for 10:50 a.m. sunday at first christian church .
a little thing , but the right twist for the action that counted .
`` i'm telling you .
`` i thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end .
one old-timer said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut , even when on a knuckle , if it was made by a rusty tool ; ;
such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the commission has over the years made a large number of them .
in less than an hour i had gotten a hotel , showered , shaved and was out on the champs elysees in a fresh uniform .
the man shrank before the hot fury , searching frantically for the answer .
people today are aware of the value of orthodontics , and as a result there are more practitioners in the field .
the making of distinctions , like the perception of the great distinctions made , is an inordinately difficult business .
then they had always been romping around him on these walks , yelping with delight , dashing off into the bushes on fruitless hunting expeditions , returning to jump up on him triumphantly with muddy paws .
mcnamara is the scholar-businessman .
if we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? ?
until now , lilac gaylor and lila kingsley had been like an anagram which he could unscramble at his own pace and choosing .
this was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out saturday night when the eddie stack group , also local talent , went on first .
if you really insist on knowing their names , an excellent book on the north american species is bumblebees and their ways by o. e. plath .
the new president is 37-year-old dr. james mcn. hester , currently dean of the nyu graduate school of arts and sciences .
the drug is also incorporated in supplements .
however , as we have seen , in later childhood the child begins to substitute the standards of the peer group for those of parents and teachers .
in persia , where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free .
in this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school .
they caught trig stealing liquor from the officers' mess , and he got a couple of girls in trouble .
the rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush .
he turned the beam of his flashlight on it .
let's make a list of your assets '' .
group pressures toward conformity are slight or non-existent , and deviant behavior in mate selection incurs few if any social sanctions .
wherever you looked , you saw committeemen running across the meadows , some away from the road , some toward it , some parallel to it ; ;
it is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim moored to the rock of experience and left to the buffetings of chance .
there's an advantage in having a firm like tri-state headed by a lawyer .
he had lunch with pauling .
`` where from '' ? ?
`` man engages only a small part of himself in an action '' says old alvear the art-historian ; ;
it is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft .
his small black eyes darted inside the olive oval of his face .
and i will greatly appreciate it if you will not tell your husband .
you've got the lovelies on the brain .
the issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later .
there is no justification for such misrepresentation .
the red sables are 8 ; ;
he was disappointed to find a nervous , scrawny woman with a big hat standing at the door .
higher costs of advertising and promotion .
`` of course not '' .
greville proposed quiney as the fittest man `` for the following of the cause and to attend him in the matter '' , and at his suggestion the corporation allowed quiney two shillings a day .
presenting an individualized negro character , it would seem , is one of the most difficult assignments a southern writer could tackle ; ;
argiento never left his side , keeping the water boiled , applying hot compresses throughout the night .
russ ran up the steps quickly to the plank porch .
mills secured barco's photograph from the gentleman in charge , rushed to the hollywood police station to report the theft , and less than five minutes later , detectives with his picture in hand were on the trail of cal barco .
( the purpose of the junior showmanship competition is to teach and encourage juniors to become good sportsmen .
new highs for the year totaled nine and new lows 14 .
he tossed a paper toward every front door , and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing .
an amazing article in the manchester guardian of last november , entitled `` fate of redundant churches '' , states than an archbishops' commission `` reported last month that in the church of england alone there are 790 churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years' time .
in agriculture , for example , despite the advances in biology , elaborate rituals tend to persist along with a continued sense of the imminence of some natural disaster .
this gives a clue to the cosmical order of elements .
his famous criticism of brother henry's `` third style '' is surely as subtly , even elegantly , worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as henry himself could ever have produced .
its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program .
this is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition .
during this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience .
during this period 7,484,268 members were received , yet the net membership now is only 9,910,741 .
it seems clear , from the counter-balanced shape of the series of arrows in figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late onsets and completions for the 34 girls .
`` the kid has no manners , boys .
( d )
he called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the piracy of industry by southern states , and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry .
perhaps that is the comedie's equivalent for thrusting this play's characters into our own time .
if a child loses a molar at the age of two , the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space , thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble .
waited for more ships , more lobster-backed infantry , and asked what was to be done with a war of rebellion ? ?
much of this lacked the active support of the pastor .
on these bonds , price rises since february 21 easily outnumber price declines .
but shoup also gave the corps a tilling in spots .
furthermore , he must regard religion as the expression of human forces .
to assemble lid , press clay piece c in cavity of wooden design head .
while working out in sylvania a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician .
she was in good health and spirits , but still determined to get the money from forbes .
angelo gave him an affectionate smile .
no optimism is more baseless than that which believes that the high speed of modern digital computers allows for use of the crudest of methods in searching out a result .
let the media clean house , too
you read various guesses on how many americans are camping .
kneeling , cobb planted a sturdy knee in the small of his back , holding him pinned .
he asked .
in american romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting cute '' -- that is , boy-meets-girl seems more adorable if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom .
her eyes had opened , she had caught a glimpse of a new faith .
the aim was to state the results of all available determinations of atomic positions in crystals .
`` where '' ? ?
the reflection of radiation originating from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry .
these polar concerns ( imitation vs. formalism ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time .
`` julia asks me to come out at once .
the industry may deliberately take a strike , not to put pressure on the union , but in order to `` educate '' the government and the customers of the industry .
stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in order to give poland compensation in the west at the expense of the germans .
this is one of the main reasons for national library week , april 16-22 , and for its theme : `` for a richer , fuller life , read '' ! !
the functions f and b have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument t .
yet the attitude that the fate of the presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences .
inflow of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2 .
ionizing radiation can cause the destruction of microorganisms and insects involved in food spoilage or , at lower doses , can inhibit their action .
and i had hardly finished my business in the toilet on the aforementioned occasion when the lights in that place , like the hall lights controlled from the switch in the office , flicked off and on impatiently .
but his mother told the story over and over , till her `` martin said he was sorry '' was as much a part of her as the shape of her thin , pallid ears .
that long ride the four of you took must've given him a good appetite .
his highness had decided only two hours ago to go out of town , and he was eager to be off .
thinking like that can get you into a padded pad .
the prospects look great .
it wasn't like getting cheated at the fair .
future editions may be more critical .
why don't you ask him '' ? ?
lilian steichen was an exceptional student .
the numbers of successes on the five individual shots are , then , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 .
and most of all it is not having the only man you could love , whether he drives a bread truck or delivers the mail or checks the berry crates down at the sheds , or owns seventeen oil wells and six diamond mines , for if you are anybody what he is or does makes no difference if he is the one .
in establishing conditions of self-help , it is important that we not expect countries to remake themselves in our image .
all scientific staff members will have the title , ' research-staff member .
the growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones .
but like all despots , as he builds his following from among the gullible , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as doc raccoon ; ;
`` if they are here , then surely i have the right to be here '' , rousseau said .
.
rates in greece and finland are fairly high , actually the highest in europe , and , surprisingly enough , they are also quite high in ireland .
the fear had not entirely gone from her face , but there were some other emotions now , crowding into her eyes and the lines of her mouth .
or against her back , pressed on the column of vertebrae , which held her so magnificently straight and unyielding , until the segments of bone made tiny sharp cracking noises , like the snapped stem of a tulip .
hoag crossed the narrow street , squeezing between parked cars to reach the sidewalk .
many belly dancers are married , but serene is one of the few who will admit it .
reverend joshual corder , a baptist minister , gathered a few citizens of southern sympathies , to call on jones and plead with him to spare the structure ; ;
he said , `` let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' .
bowie , md. , march 17
`` i gotta go .
roleplaying was offered as a solution -- and the procedure worked as follows : all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room , where the president explained the difficulty he had , and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out .
not even a whiff .
it was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the garibaldi statue , towering over rome in spectacular benediction from the highpoint of the gianicolo .
so sure that money could do anything ! !
and a pane of glass isn't hard to '' --
choruses , chamber music ensembles ; ;
isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old persia and sometimes of the east .
`` that's a long while '' , said angie .
-- a series of high school assemblies to acquaint junior and senior students with the junior achievement program begins at st. thomas aquinas monday .
a yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` my girl is none of your one-horse girls .
johnson's fat hand , another bottle were protruding from the truck cab , and that self-proclaimed baptist teetotaler , had a bottle at his own lips .
fog hung over the route constantly .
gavin slipped his arms around his chest and hugged him fiercely .
for everyone involved knew that the whole valley was a powder keg , and mitchell barton the fuse which could send it into explosive violence .
phil rossoff said : `` why don't you leave him alone '' ? ?
not when she'd waited so long already .
religious activities
the gunfire , which was so near that it seemed just a piece up the road now , stopped for long enough to count to twenty ; ;
moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated 2a ( donors p. j. , d. a. , and j. f. , fig. 1 ) .
then there had been the auction itself .
he is , of course , a segregationist , but he says he has never made an `` anti-negro '' speech .
do they , the a.m.a. , offer any solution other than outright abolition of a medical system unsurpassed anywhere in the world ? ?
but unlike holmes , he feels his society to be not merely dull but also corrupt .
then it hit me .
public sentiment for conserving our rich natural heritage is growing .
but the only love i was giving him was the pure kind .
the organic loading on the unit averaged 32 lb of bod/day or about 2 lb bod/day/1,000 cu ft aeration capacity .
then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and hollering `` garryowen '' ! !
`` i forgot '' ! !
a speck -- and space
the sooner you act like an angel the quicker you'll feel angelic .
he seemed to be muttering , his voice surprisingly clear .
among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , patti waggin who is mrs. don rudolph when off the stage .
new owners
well-wishers around the world hoped that the congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations .
`` you mean this punk can brush me aside and i've got to hold still for it '' ? ?
he had never heard so many bells , and as he lay there listening , he thought of her scolding him for his remarks when he had looked up at the obelisk and the church at the top of the spanish steps .
determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the states .
up to the turn of the century , contraception was condemned by all christian churches as immoral , unnatural and contrary to divine law .
he strolled back to the door , whistling softly , hands still clasped behind him .
after the first month , rates are considerably less , averaging only about $60 a month for most 4- and 5-passenger models .
pamela north said , `` hi '' , to her cats , and added that proper cats met their humans at the door .
indeed , it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz , by freeing the listener of his inhibitions , can have therapeutic value .
there is impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the student's basic conception of what is for him a good way of life .
it was amazing how they had herded together for protection : an enormous matriarch in a quilted silk wrapper , rising from the breakfast table ; ;
equally a master of prose and verse , he recreates the glory of sweden in the past and continues it into the present .
but again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the muggy washington weather , and he had to return to the dry climate of the west to live and work .
if economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration .
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the beneficiaries of our civilization .
one might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg .
they must be freezing up there now .
the village office of western union with george towsley as manager and telegrapher continued in hard's drugstore until 1905 .
well , i'm not sure of the color .
it would have been hohlbein who handled her affairs .
he returned to new york to work for the new yorker , to edit a western pulp , to `` duck the war in the owi '' , to write publicity for paramount pictures and commentary for a newsreel , then he began his career as critic for various magazines .
ordinary carey williams , armed with a pistol , stood by at the polls to insure order .
though his inner thoughts cringed at it , he forced himself to think back , recreating the scene in which mae claimed to have caught him molesting the child .
the man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank .
community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states .
-- governor tawes today appointed lloyd l. simpkins , his administrative assistant , as maryland's secretary of state .
he could not stop to analyze .
that meeting produced the `` spirit of camp david '' -- a spirit , it later turned out , that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a berlin settlement .
and use of the foam for garment interlining is only now getting off the ground , with volume potential in the offing .
there were pink bathing suits on blondes , and browny-haired girls in red or black or green bathing suits .
nine new teaching clinico-pathologic conference sets were prepared , which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan .
but for some fool reason he couldn't remember which men he'd put on the transfer detail .
for the year , the road earned 133 per cent of its interest costs , against 121 per cent in the preceding period .
at the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the petipa-minkus ballet `` bayaderka '' , which opened the evening .
there , to the evening post , she emphatically denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly american .
at the pool's far end was the little cabana joyce had mentioned , and on the water's surface floated scattered lavender patches of limp-looking lather .
most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages , as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values .
our efforts to overcome the lead of the russians in space are bound to mean accelerated federal spending .
`` a real ' nothing ' torso '' , says henri .
in my day the first requirement for a cop was to look like the law , big and tough .
the national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low .
shocked at the response to our proclamations , we grow more defensive , and worse , we lose our sense of humor and proportion .
all of these sub-tests involve reading except arithmetic computation .
it simply isn't , not by a long shot .
the early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; ;
why not have them travel the state in november debating ? ?
the commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of united states-yugoslav claims arising under the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 not later than december 31 , 1954 : :
-- kenny lane of muskegon , mich. , world's seventh ranked lightweight , had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over rip randall of tyler , tex. , here monday night .
he pulled it open .
cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula : af .
twenty-nine exhibits received awards .
there have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very incompetent managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss .
general jones was fresh from a long series of bridge burnings , including the long bridge at fairmont , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work piling combustibles in and around it .
at this point , unfortunately , romance becomes a regrettably small part of the picture ; ;
if they'd been working on a bottle or a jug he'd have taken it with him '' .
philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby valley forge ; ;
if you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building , by all means make provision for its easy adding later .
`` in this light we need 1,000 churches in illinois , where we have 200 ; ;
those bibles and prayer books make a lot of money for publishing houses , but they don't get top personnel .
what additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played ? ?
so i have heard '' .
these microfossils indicate the swamp was `` formed during the lower cretaceous period when dinosaurs were at their heyday and when the first flowering plants were just appearing .
let stein .
when improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , air-conditioning -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ?
`` i'll speak to whitey '' .
not a bullet touched cook who was nearer the ambush , but one hit russell in the leg and another broke his arm , passing on through his body .
in the double sentence the smaller the town , the friendlier the people it will generally be on the subjects the town and the people .
but specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors .
i don't think he'd mind too much if he were sure you'd decided not to be a rumdum in the future '' .
this is not wholly a reasoning process -- a computer cannot do it all -- and even in an angel it takes time .
enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd .
( a wry sidelight on this is that most of my students have deferments from the draft in order to attend my classes .
`` that permitted us to start controlling the ball right away '' , said stram , quipping , `` i think i'll put that play in the book '' .
it was one with the desolate rocks and the alien water on those days when she hated the sea .
`` the discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' .
the system requires some switching of flight equipment circuits .
`` all i know is that you were outside the bubbles last night , and you were the only sentient being who came in or out of our alarm web .
its staff makes a preliminary determination of the epicenter of the quake and alerts tide stations near the epicenter for a tsunami .
it motivates his behavior .
his hubris , deficiency of taste , and sadism carried him straightaway to the top .
though creeks in the santa cruz mountains flow brimful the year round and it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a wintry crackle .
`` oh that's linda kay '' , mama albright said fondly .
the signature of harold v. varani , former director of architecture and engineering in the department of public property , appeared on payment vouchers certifying work on the project .
so if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall finisher or anybody else waste even 20 seconds , the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud .
the men he would take back across the river stood there , but he turned away from them .
feeder cattle
your past history is resplendent with the fruits of the intellect .
in this case it is primarily a matter of conflict of racial groups rather than social-class groups .
but adams was one of the first to suggest that this human incompetence was the only motivating factor behind religion .
our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of advisor and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments .
it is one of the very few , if not the only surviving bridge of its type to serve a main artery of the u.s. highway system , thus it is far more than a relic of the horse and buggy days .
the story of a quarter of a century of soviet-western relations is vitally important , and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator .
he let down the tailgate and was knocked over by the sluice of water .
`` i'm going to walk up to the horses , bold as brass , pretending i'm one of the guerrillas .
in kennedy's speech are cross currents , sensible ones and senseless ones , reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the president's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them .
it was one thing to call men to the colors ; ;
these dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case .
in the first instance , `` mimesis '' is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional designations .
republican research broke down the vote in philadelphia .
it was his only sanctuary .
he cited heine and stendhal as favorites in literature .
the contract violations mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the el track .
but if justice for bantus entails driving the government of the union of south africa away from the west , then the bantus must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer .
she had used his rumpled shorts as the very image of his childishness , his lack of control , his general male looseness , while she remained cool , airy , and untouched , the charming teacher who disciplined an unruly body .
at least the moment was postponed when he had to face the mystery of the power tools .
what do you expect to get tonight , anyway ? ?
draper declared , `` as i see it , this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today .
he wore tennis shorts and a white sweater with a red v at the neck , the sleeves pushed above the elbows .
you need more chlorine .
upon arriving at baltimore , selkirk on december 22 wrote to john quincy adams , secretary of state at washington , inquiring about laws covering trade with `` missouri and illinois territories '' .
some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope .
`` hold his head up '' .
but to get back to the coolidge household , mrs. coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- calamity jane , timmy , and blackberry .
it must have hurt her even to walk , for the sole was completely off her left foot and morgan saw that it was bruised and bleeding .
only the counter at one end was lighted by a long fluorescent tube suspended directly above it .
science has simply left us helpless and powerless in this important sector of our lives .
i would hope that sargent shriver will encourage everyone entering the peace corps to read it .
suppose he did lie beside lenin , would it be permanent ? ?
meynell's remedy for thompson's despondent mood was typically practical .
there are more than 8,000,000 recreational boats in use in the united states with almost 10,000,000 the prediction for within the next decade .
look for them , will you ? ?
state and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased persistently from $26.5-billion in 1949 to $44.3-billion in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of $75-billion by 1970 .
the light supper over , claire went to him and , slipping an arm about his shoulder , sat on his knee .
) when the complete file has been read , the grammatical descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the w-region ; ;
you can have your choice of a seven-shot repeater , the 340tr ( about $40 ) or a single-shot , the 320tr ( $10 less ) .
mr. delaney and mr. o'neill are not willing to vote on the public-school measure until the defense education bill clears the house education and labor committee .
`` come here '' .
why , then , aren't we planning a larger , more important role for manned military aircraft ? ?
i said .
faulkner culminates the southern legend perhaps more masterfully than it has ever been , or could ever be , done .
the specificity of staining with af was established as follows : af specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover .
now welch had a pet theory that everyone is guilty of breaking more laws than he ever gets caught at .
`` and jesus , when he was baptized went up straightway out of the water : and lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the spirit of god descending like a dove , and lighting upon him '' .
she wore a gown of satin designed along princesse lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with bateau neckline .
it had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist .
i just don't have time to do half the things i want to do now .
the single-barrel stevens 940y ( under $35 ) is made with a side lever rather than a top-tang lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily .
since election day , vice president richard nixon had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view .
provide a name card for each new member .
after a protracted , hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic credibility , the jury , to no one's surprise , leaves the legal question unresolved .
more unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and nlrda studies show that flat cars loaded with the new type 6-b floating-load method can be unloaded for as little as $.054/mbf .
come home right away '' .
the sneers at hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country .
we stepped inside .
it ran , this apocalyptic beast , on two thin legs , and its wings -- were they feathered arms ? ?
`` on each side of the hoogli , where we are now sailing , are the hindoo cottages , as thick together as the houses in our seaports .
because of the size of the areas it covers , the pasted paper establishes undepicted flatness bodily , as more than an indication or sign .
the volume of adc cases will decrease , martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color .
some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of god , that their joy spills out on the paper and brightens the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see .
i used the alias of robert c. richards , gave the first three letters and the first and last figure of the license number on the agency heap , but a couple of phony numbers in between .
the heat drove the guerrillas back .
fear .
there are some sharp and whipping lines and some hilariously funny situations -- the best of the latter being a mass impromptu plunge into a nightclub tank where a `` mermaid '' is performing .
were they to be insulted again because of the south's great victory ? ?
southern resentment has been over the method of its ending , the invasion , and reconstruction ; ;
religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit .
a marine corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with 175,000 men ; ;
three minutes , tim '' .
the development of the andrena larvae is very rapid , so that by the end of spring they have already pupated and become adults .
and as for his pipe , if he wanted to smoke one , nobody would stop him .
he felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war .
he swept through the music with ease , in a non-sentimental and ultra-efficient manner .
chandler , looking to right and left to see how his men were faring , suddenly saw another figure bounding up the hill , hurling grenades and hollering the battle cry as he ran .
`` hurry ! !
the concerts -- nos. 2 , 6 , 9 , 10 and 14 are represented -- are really closer to chamber suites than to concertos in the italian sense .
while i was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , arthur brisbane whizzed in with some editorial copy in his hand .
he played a number of typical situations before observers , other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong .
the fin on his foot caught on the moulding , throwing him off balance .
the dangerous current upon the prairie ceased , but the water stood and kept on rising .
construction follows a thorough study of the drawings .
it would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a smokescreen , the second to drop the gas bombs , the third to shower incendiaries which would burn everything below .
sixty lbs. loading is possible but 40 lbs. is adequate .
he looked out over the expanse of the compound .
segovia has written about carl :
the push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide .
in one sense it can be said that one of the most important brown & sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad .
the peonies , whose tight sticky buds would be blighted by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently harmed by the ants that crawled over them ; ;
make slight , smooth grooves rather than cuts for the texture ( cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating pinholes or craters in the glaze during firing ) .
peacocks strutted across their path , preening .
white house legislative aides were still confident the bill would pass intact .
design elements closely rooted to traditional forms but wearing a definite contemporary label keynote drexel's fall 1961 group , composite .
henrietta thought , it's extraordinary how much she always knew about both of us .
it lay half in the furrow and half out , and the front wheels had rolled nearly up to it when i put in the clutch .
in aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it .
i didn't say anything , trying to get my throat clear , but i watched him .
he would not have wanted to hurt a lady .
in a periodic review , the local board on july 30 , 1953 , reclassified him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home .
the clerk wagged his head toward the captain's office .
while 2-year-olds are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and jimmy cruise has several that can really make it .
when missouri's clarence cannon got the word , he turned purple .
i nodded to charlie .
the government , deeming these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du pont's shares of general motors .
but if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day , it is certainly more restful to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house .
reasons for selecting mail questionnaire method
`` puttana '' ! !
he is forced to play for little money , and must often take another job to live .
do you know what they think of me '' ? ?
frederick seward said his father was sleeping , and then went through a pantomime at his father's door , to prove the statement .
love and hatred and fear were one here , shaded only by fig trees and grape vines .
to the editor :
`` well '' , he said , `` there is freddy , you know .
in these days of serious shortage of properly trained teachers qualified to teach physically handicapped and mentally handicapped children , the establishment of such an institute will be a major contribution to the field .
the examiner , during steele's trial a month later , printed an answer from the `` courtier '' addressed to `` r. s. '' at button's coffee-house .
but the continuing charm of the other children -- sally in 1940 and jack in 1944 -- and all john's success at his work only made edythe's dizziness and general uselessness more glaring .
butter ; ;
then came this decision , which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps hindered it ; ;
i had been among the top third in my class at n.y.u. , had wanted desperately to go to medical school , but i'd run out of money and energy at the same time .
but we could wait all right ; ;
thus one line in five from the iliad and the odyssey is to be found somewhere else in the two poems .
these bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence .
as he pushed open the door he fell on his face , one of his comrades pulling him inside .
but they never said anything , so he figured it was all right .
before leaving for america , he happened to see his old friend jean arp and confided to him his new resolutions .
as she goes , she herself will be illuminated .
and this is what all too often happens .
but the secret itself was just as hard .
softly .
gonzales v. united states , supra .
yet after long and earnest discussion stalin accepted the curzon line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be digressions from that line of five to eight kilometers in favor of poland in some regions .
the side slopes were coated with fiberglas matting coated with asphalt to prevent erosion .
as critic walter kerr points out : `` adaptations , so long as they are good , still qualify as creative '' .
in spite of the relatively short period of time that we have experienced among you , we have already seen many indications of your character and spirit .
when sir edward greville enclosed the town commons on the bancroft , quiney and others leveled his hedges on january 21 , 1600/1 , and were charged with riot by sir edward .
but while war still serves as a catalyst for the values that malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the will-to-power , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition .
`` they are determined '' , montgomery writes , `` not to be surprised again , and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary , but also creates nervousness among other nations in the western alliance -- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible '' .
very soon after his arrival in little rock , pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town , the little rock debating society , and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator , being invited to deliver the annual fourth of july address the club sponsored every year .
i suppose a lascar sailor had sneaked a cigarette in the hold and touched off the blaze .
the second bottle passed a few times .
i'm ruddy lazy , and i'm getting on in years .
he rummaged , found composers and arrangers , collaborated on the main design and outline of harmonization with musicians , ballad singers , and musicologists .
personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , inoculations , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded .
this item may be a symbolic name or an actual one-digit or two-digit index word address in the range 3 - 94 .
there are obvious reasons of convenience for this practice of excluding `` cost of capital '' from the direct apportionment of annual costs among the different classes of service -- notably , the avoidance of the controversial question what rate of return should be held to constitute `` cost of capital '' or `` fair rate of return '' .
and while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each .
the word distance is used here in a rather general sense ; ;
hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the republican candidates are involved .
`` they are the most efficient '' .
scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange by-products of the phenomenon .
but once i was alone again , driving to the hospital , the heaviness returned .
on june 6 , 1958 , general motors submitted its objections to the government's proposal .
it was ruled a difficult chance and a hit .
it would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself .
he was elected to the national academy of design as an associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first ranger fund purchase prize at the academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to academicianship in 1940 .
it was dickson who suggested to lord selkirk that he return to the atlantic coast by way of the united states .
to stop bleeding , cobwebs were applied to cuts and wounds .
if you want a picture get to the corner of adams and clark just as fast as you can .
the president said the nation's 92 medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care .
look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera .
`` i said go home , joseph .
and it gave miriam noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art .
in the kitchen mama was wiping the cupboards .
mouse deer played around the feet of the elephants , or fled when the mighty legs thrashed too close .
there are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups .
`` but here you are in the palace .
he didn't , but it was not really a question , and so he left the room , walked down the hall to the front of the apartment , hesitated , and then knocked lightly on the closed door of the study .
drug's chemical name :
the nashville plan , incidentally , has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled south .
gun cleared his throat .
she disciplined herself daily to do what must be done .
it was snowing hard when they got there and they saw no horses outside .
the advantages of dilatation by the physician are both physical and psychological .
the artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and rarified high levels of abstraction .
once i had a religious emotion .
a good binge has that kind of therapeutic value .
military organizations .
as violently as possible .
sadie , like beth march , suffered ill health -- got rheumatic fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never dampened her spirits .
he was seeing , somehow , the face of a young boy , the boy simms purdew must once have been , a boy with sorrel hair , and blue eyes dancing with gaiety , and the boy mouth grinning trustfully among the freckles .
mahzeer and the prime minister are alone right now '' .
`` you may have seen me on tv '' , she said .
the liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange , although still erratic .
jackson runs first and his cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader .
arrack is distilled from fermented rice in india .
`` but what about our landing was lethal to the creatures '' ? ?
`` let's just remember , sergeant , that we must all carry our own umbrella .
that's what he needs , something warm to his skin , don't he '' ? ?
but by comparison with the railroad , the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship , so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily .
there are sins of omission as well as commission ; ;
no precedents have been set as yet ; ;
matsuo hustled the rifle off his shoulder .
someday god would choose him .
he wanted to take the mother to headquarters at once and start her on the mug file .
`` you have visited england five times in the past quarter-century , i believe '' , my host said .
but as the one who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ;
another remedy was oil of eucalyptus , used as well for chilblains .
even so fosdick , as the new chairman of the commission on training camp activities , encountered strong and vociferous opposition .
though the slightest yank was frequently capable of producin' results , many men assured success through a turn of the tail 'bout the saddle horn , supplemented sometimes , in the case of cattle , by a downward heave of the rider's leg upon the strainin' tail .
`` i will .
this distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : af ; ;
makes 6 barbecues .
as she reached the kitchen door the answer presented itself ; ;
she was a strange woman , your mother .
the men of innesfree are got up authentically in cloth caps and sweaters , and their dancing and singing is fine .
`` how like him '' ! !
in fact , the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern exponents as so uniquely characteristic of the `` direct thinking '' zennist was a feature of taoism .
scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright nonsensical , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to stifle speculative thought in china for many centuries .
`` it's -- cold '' .
there are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the campgrounds .
`` don't ask me if i think the cannery helps '' , he said .
the city planning commission on tuesday approved agreements between two redevelopers and the redevelopment authority for the purchase of land in the $300,000,000 eastwick redevelopment area project .
the eyes of the figure of the nile are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the church of sant' agnese in agone , the work of bernini's rival , borromini .
as for progress , the `` backward south '' can boast of baton rouge , which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and sixty-two percent , to 126,000 , the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000 .
improvise cha-chas on the harp ; ;
she cut the engines and slowly the cruiser swung around on the end of its lines until its bow was pointing into the wind and the cockpit faced toward the shore .
extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining , under skilled direction , the choir , the orchestra , the band , the glee club , and smaller ensembles of wind and string players .
when my uncle offered me a part-time job which would take care of my normal expenses and give me time to paint i accepted .
in order to accomplish the purposes of this act , the secretary of the interior shall -- ( a )
tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly .
second grand prize of $5,000 went to mrs. clara l. oliver for her hawaiian coffee ring , a rich yeast bread with coconut filling and vanilla glaze .
in representing part of this new picture , i will be recounting some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; ;
matsuo called .
a stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one .
without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future .
thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job .
he set out to keep troop h the best troop in the best regiment .
the girl laughed .
gulf coast .
are you experimenting with different selling slants in developing new customers ? ?
the job security enjoyed by doc doolittle , and nearly all members of the armed forces , is a wonderful thing .
metabolite 1 , isolated from the medium , however , showed a lower specific activity , which indicates endogenous synthesis of this metabolite .
the catholics had the largest cemetery , near the neversink river where main street ran south ; ;
`` once , when the editor was just out of the hospital from a gallstone operation , mrs. calhoun and the mother of the bride went out to his house and fought it out beside his bed .
`` big hans made me come .
by making inroads in the name of law enforcement into the protection which congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in wyatt v. united states , 362 u.s. 525 , where the court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection .
the hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the storied lands of the east , a sort of faustus type , who , to quote from professor book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of sardanapalus can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life .
perhaps this is not so little .
the roof was about ready to fall in on diane's little world , but it took nothing less than the egyptian revolution to bring it down .
and yet wilson knew that this place must go or he must go .
`` i've got this sunburn '' , said the note , `` and i used some of your hand lotion .
in the bedroom she would insist on darkness .
the glee club is open to all students and faculty with no auditions necessary for membership .
not that the picture is superficial .
i thought : what the hell ? ?
( 1 ) most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society .
she remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and mr. podger took her inside the fringe .
the january fifteen report recommended that bang-jensen be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a u.n. security officer '' .
under the law as it existed until 1943 , the federal government made grants to the states on the basis of population , matching state expenditures on a 50-50 basis .
to spot these giveaways the therapist must know either intuitively or scientifically how to listen .
it was partly his master .
at last it was time to depart .
he was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for .
getting drunk every night was the only way i could handle the situation .
harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with .
until recently , art has withstood the pressure of chaotic things .
this is a delightfully motley collection .
it certainly isn't mine .
unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes .
no ? ?
said you wore yourself out , cleaning all these empty rooms '' .
but why is it the special responsibility of the cta to help these people ? ?
when the university of chicago's chancellor lawrence a. kimpton submitted his resignation last march , a mighty talent hunt gripped the midway .
i felt no conflict between what i was doing and my strict religious upbringing .
everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if .
i also had and have feelings about garibaldi .
`` a lousy job ''
and here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` the paramount goal of the united states set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual , ensure his development , enlarge his opportunity '' .
studies of the growth and decline of children's fears indicate that fears due to strange objects , noises , falling , and unexpected movement decline during the preschool years , but that fears of the dark , of being alone , and of imaginary creatures or robbers increase .
if anyone thought of the john harvey , it was to observe that she was straddled by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the john harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried .
but since the gourmet insisted that it is done that way at the most fashionable dinners , the girl reluctantly agreed .
she hastily complied .
diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship .
but white wines never ! !
they interviewed the conductor of the streetcar morse said he had taken , but the man did not remember morse as a passenger .
the stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable .
his problem then became one of restraining the american fighters who wanted to clean out the vermejo by force immediately .
the light beam from the lamp was filtered through a half-standard thickness corning 1840 filter .
place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly .
mementoes of the old west recall the days of wyatt earp in dodge city , nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting .
then , in chronological order , mr. white covers the primary campaigns , the conventions and the presidential campaign itself .
god in heaven , i can't refuse you now .
where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one .
this throwed the animal off balance , and over it'd crash onto its head and shoulders .
in the fevered , intoxicating , breathless state of being in love the usual signposts that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes obscured .
light reading :
put into a saucepan a cupful of the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three teaspoonfuls of made mustard , and two mashed garlic cloves .
as wisman put it , `` they have separate pieces of the pie , and we have the whole pie .
this kid's froze bad .
thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round .
hoijer's athabascan and my yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several near-synonyms like stomach-belly , big-large , long-far , many-much , die-dead , say-speak ) .
`` no , no .
not for me , but perhaps just the thing for you .
smiling at his quixotic thoughts , warren turned back from the opening and lit a cigarette before sitting down .
and then the questions came , eager , interested questions , and many compliments on his having overcome his infirmity .
it all has something to do with general burnside and his horse '' .
with this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes .
i must remember to warn the girl next to you in larkspur .
a federal infantryman wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in virginia : `` dear pa .
khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of animosity he has aroused , yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on following compulsively in his footsteps .
he regulated the dualities of light and darkness , yang and yin , which are locked in eternal struggle .
they would have to refuel at el paso .
thus far , the cases which have come before the courts have involved only the issue of referral where the job is vacant due to a strike -- condition ( 1 ) in the regulation of the secretary .
( 3 ) size of the sample .
he identified the man as lewis martin parker , 59 , a farmer of hartselle , ala. .
a smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far .
the family estate was situated near vadstena on lake vattern in south central sweden .
at new orleans , 25-mile-square lake pontchartrain has few squalls and year-long boating .
they provided a social security system which covered all their african employes ; ;
from his room he could look out in springtime and see the couples hand in hand walking slowly , deliciously , across the campus , and he could smell the sweet vernal winds .
secretary of defense robert mcnamara , former president of the ford motor company , comes from a generation different from that of eisenhower's own first secretary of defense , charles wilson , who had been head of general motors .
there are several causes for this , one being rapid economic development with increasing numbers of of middle-class positions requiring engineering or scientific training .
`` they are ugly and they eat chickens and i hate snakes '' .
mills was timed in 1.10.4 .
he says : `` that would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously .
the next week , forty soldiers were sent to get the miscreants .
as best as i could determine , we were some 700 miles west of new guinea , in the bismark archipelago .
`` forget we ever knew what '' ? ?
on playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory .
underneath all the high-sounding phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the envoys was the inescapable fact that edward would have to desert his flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant suzerain , the king of france , in return for being given an equally free hand with the insubordinate scots .
they all surrounded him , the family circle , theresa and george as solemn as if they were watching the cat have kittens , and cousin emma running back and forth with a kettle of hot water which she poured steaming into a white enamelled pan .
in his teens o'banion was enrolled in the vicious market street gang and he became a singing waiter in mcgovern's cafe , a notoriously low and rowdy dive in north clark street , where befuddled customers were methodically looted of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out .
the british and other replies to that moscow note pointed out efforts of the communist authorities `` to integrate east berlin into east germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of east germany '' .
you've been away from home for the new year festivities , but now the party is over and you come home .
people stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their fists , pleading for loved ones .
the heart , phil .
only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively dramatize president kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics .
as for that other girl , let's just say that i never want to see her again .
) hung on a hook on the wall , and underneath it i could see his tie , knotted , ready to be slipped over his head , a black badge of frayed respectability that ought never to have left his neck .
matsuo wrenched free and burned the hands into retreat ; ;
`` readiness exercises '' are almost continuous .
they couldn't have much dough , but then none of the freight-bums feathertop rolled had much .
her hair was the color of those blooms which in seed catalogues are referred to as `` black '' , but since no flower is actually without color contain always a hint of grape or purple or blue -- he wanted to draw the broad patina of hair through his fingers , searching it slowly for a trace of veining which might reveal its true shade beneath the darkness .
although wanted by the sheriff for killing an old man named asher jones , the warrant for his arrest had never been served .
the will of its people , so crucial in time of peril , would be broken .
i don't suppose a wife should be grateful to her husband for saving her life , but i am .
this unusual collagen also was shown to undergo a reversible thermal phase transformation .
there is still the remote possibility of planetoid collision .
thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the south -- an urbanization which , despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the southern culture , has been utterly ignored by the bulk of southern writers .
she was one of eliot sparling's neutralized minorities , adopting the rolling r's and constricted vowels of los angeles .
the maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this act on account of sales of newly mined ores or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed $4,500,000 ; ;
treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones .
i grant that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were roaming the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to molest , how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog ? ?
there was a small , neon-lighted restaurant and cocktail lounge on the southeast corner of the intersection as he turned into the quiet , palm-lined street where most of the houses on both sides were older two-story mansions , now cut up into furnished rooms and housekeeping apartments .
if the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a wood-grained effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine paintbrush .
in her mind she followed the white buick along the road somewhere between here and the niagara river .
in fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more .
the monk who opened the door immediately calmed his worries about his reception : `` i speak english '' , the old man said , `` but i do not hear it very well '' .
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of latin america the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' .
let's throw a little nuclear hardware at them and show them who's boss '' .
poultry
the american dream
it transfers yarn directly from the producers' largest package into ideal supply packages for use on unifil loom winders in weaving stretch yarn fabrics .
the jackson report will provide some of the political support mr. rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged , as sen. jackson puts it , `` in work that does not really need doing '' .
it would add about $500 to the total cost of the home .
three hours later , while we were bailing desperately , a dot of land came into view .
`` what room is there going to be in an apartment for any child '' ? ?
they are about to do so at any moment as it is .
johnson's left hand was pressed against the side of his head , red cheeks whitening beneath his fingers .
with traditional nationalistic spirit , some englishmen claim that english catholicism is catholicism at its best .
beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% pivot state share , with maximum and minimum state shares of 50% and 30% , respectively .
always provided that lucien himself had not dosed her coffee with opium , she thought , as coldly and sharply , again , as maude might have said it .
to the west of this road was another low bluff , forty or fifty feet high , covered with scrub oak and other brush .
furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of q in which the difference function is monotone , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of extrema in any interval .
but that is a cliche and a dishonest one .
any lingering suspicion that this was a trick al budd had thought up was dispelled .
on the other hand , a similar attack might have been made on city b whose population was known to be lousy .
failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties , president truman re-declared the cold war on march 12 , 1947 , in the truman doctrine , exactly one week after the herald tribune editorial was written , and a year after the cold war had been announced by churchill at fulton , missouri , in truman's presence .
`` i'm not exactly jumping up and down with enthusiasm .
when she loved , it was with a passion that drove her along and carried along with her those things she loved .
`` but one word at a time , o.k. '' ? ?
this co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade .
thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the court's decision .
and my point in this sad story is the spirit of the matter .
advantages
in this , philosophy and science share a common goal .
it is eminently successful according to all conventional standards .
one example of this was his assertion that `` all servile revolts must be dealt with by physical force '' .
remarks may appear to the right of the last parameter on each card provided they are separated from the operand by at least two blank spaces .
george said , `` first thing i do when i get to vicksburg again , is get me a yankee '' --
`` we're not drunkards '' , she said .
this seems to refer , not to the loan richard had asked for , but to a proposed bargain with shakespeare .
only then , when his glance focused on the divan and saw that it was empty , did he remember his earlier problem .
feedback of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode .
for my part i find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs .
one contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : 512 in saline .
`` sally and her ma want to trade off on account of harmony being so far along '' , dan explained .
`` natural causes ''
for example , in burma and ceylon many buddhists argue that buddhism ought to be the official state religion .
it just didn't occur to trig that anything serious would happen to him .
they made jess double over .
you were careful about that '' .
duren , sheldon on hill
it gave her poise and posture .
everything about the clerk was trivial .
`` twenty-one '' , replied the sheik .
the second name was ( edward ) kempe , matriculated from queens' college at easter , 1625 .
product research and development
the renaissance city
$80 by 1981 ; ;
the figures range as high as 15 million families .
the east greenwich free library receives financial support from the town of east greenwich and the city of warwick to supplement its endowment .
it tends to be hard and colorless .
victor berger , the panjandrum of wisconsin socialism and member of congress , had asked paula steichen to translate some of his german editorials into english .
whosoever violates our rooftree , the legend states , can expect maximal sorrow .
the report , culminating a year long study of the adc program in cook county by a new york city welfare consulting firm , listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring adc case load .
brooks adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown .
deppy is despina messinesi , a long-time member of the vogue staff who , although born in boston , was born there of greek parents .
so what fred and ralph did was to attempt to prorate the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before papa's death .
vague in wording , it called for withdrawal of belgian troops and authorized the secretary-general `` to take the necessary steps to provide the ( congolese ) government with such military assistance as may be necessary , until , through the efforts of the congolese government with the technical assistance of the united nations , the national security forces may be able , in the opinion of the government , to meet fully their tasks .
winslow , as his daughters eleanor and margaret recall , used to characterize her as `` our iron sister '' .
anyway , julia asks me to .
is your r & d or product development program tuned in to the commercial realities of the market ? ?
we've arrived at an age for romance and snobbery .
she had never sung better .
he may have a point in urging that decadent themes be given fewer prizes .
horsely , an agent on the east end , wore the hat , trying to look like a tourist .
the white policeman standing on a harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world .
it seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the paleo- and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism .
2 .
new to the field is a duplex type butyrate laminate in which the two sheets of the laminate are of different color .
the monk then understood the spiritual attainment of hwang pah , and praised him as a true mahayanist .
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country .
guest performers and conductors during the coming season will include many renowned artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra , including violinists yehudi menuhin , isaac stern , ruggiero ricci and david abel ; ;
and , when the slat finally shatters , we see him count the fragments , all the while muttering , `` he loves me , he loves me not '' .
deemed too static when it was first heard in `` lady be good '' in philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score .
so we note approvingly a fresh sample of unanimity .
residential associations struggle to insulate themselves against intrusions .
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup .
if , when this was all over , she found the words to tell him about it , she wondered if he would ever understand .
meanwhile , the supreme court , like congress , showed misgivings concerning this aspect of government by injunction .
therefore , the only unknown structural feature would appear to be whether the hydrogen atoms are located symmetrically ( 1 ) or asymmetrically ( 3 ) .
mailings and publications
figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions .
`` you'll get a job there .
joviality suffused feathertop ernie cargill's voice as he reached behind him , pulling out a battered carpet bag , with leather handles .
erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous st. sophias , the first of which was begun by constantine , this fourth church was started by justinian in 532 and completed twenty years later .
-- recent theoretical work to calculate the dimensions of polymeric chains by volkenstein and lifson has been extended to include more general types of chains .
it is evident that the requirements imposed by these effects upon any one detergent constituent acting alone are severe .
on sunday they refused to attend church .
the enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of reexamination and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era .
coolers are also rated by tons .
-- this investigation involved several aspects .
`` don't be smart .
one of the babies died in the initial transferral but of helva's `` class '' , seventeen thrived in the metal shells .
the guerrillas scattered for cover .
it was funny but it was also touching .
dan morgan told himself he would forget ann turner .
it is not the details of utopian communism that make utopia modern , it is the spirit , the attitude of mind that informs those details .
oersted remodeled ritter's notes into an essay in french which was submitted to the institut de france for its annual prize of 3,000 francs .
eleazar , pausing on the hanover plain , found its great forests and remoteness good and with his own hands built the first college hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of youth of the indian tribes in this land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for civilizing & christianizing children of pagans as well as in all liberal arts and sciences ; ;
just the barest suggestion of a heel is found on teenage pumps .
last week the board , by a 4 to 3 vote , decided to ask voters whether they prefer the 6-3-3 ( junior high school ) system or the 8-4 system .
mr. white is bluntly frank in his personal opinions .
he waited awhile before he said , `` roy , you know your decompression table , don't you '' ? ?
`` this was a man of incredible criminality , of a criminality effectively without limits ; ;
a nuclear pacifier of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the united states has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for kicks , khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from st. louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink .
too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want sonny-boy to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll stunt your growth '' or because childish taunts from his schoolmates , like `` hey lookit mr. america ; ;
no generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible .
for weeks i wandered about this neighborhood of warehouses and garages , truck terminals and taxi repair shops , gasoline pumps and longshoremen's lunch counters , yet never did i cease to feel myself a stranger there .
lloyd lewis wrote that when he first knew carl in 1916 , sandburg was making $27.50 a week writing features for the day book and eating sparse luncheons in one-arm restaurants .
conferences become very popular .
after a roundup the pushin' of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called `` throwin' over '' .
swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ;
the child of this problem was mr. brown's famous serial no. 1 universal milling machine , the archtype from which is descended today's universal knee-type milling machine used throughout the world .
phil shut the door behind him .
easily the best known of these three novels is the space merchants , a good example of a science-fiction dystopia which extrapolates much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the behavioral sciences may be put .
he could see in almost total darkness .
there would be side-conclusions to be drawn , of course ; ;
protection from insects and disease
wider discretionary choices for customers .
i'll shoot the first man who doesn't '' .
he was put out too because there was only one way of understanding what she'd done .
karns' ruling pertained to eight of the 10 cases .
there may be certain items which are quite similar to a net operating loss carryover or operating deficit and whose right to survive a reorganization should perhaps be subject to the conditions applicable to those items .
faced seven cases
his tone is the weakest part of his equipment ; ;
she would talk to him in a soothing voice about things his mother would have said were not nice and put her hands on him and kiss him passionately .
`` why the two damned fools got all excited when they saw the bottle , and knocked each other out cold '' , shayne said good-humoredly .
television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz , which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family .
( b )
a year later in albany , n.y. , a roman catholic hospital barred an orthopedic surgeon because of his connection with the planned parenthood association .
the genial smile seemed painted on his face .
the sound mockery of sheep is like the salubrious horse laugh '' .
but in any case , one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one .
honolulu will be mrs. geraghty's first stop .
yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act .
'' boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for endogamy .
in the sunshine of late afternoon , lucy stood looking at the ready guest room .
he got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game .
miss xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard , and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control .
pitch it out .
these machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and textured fabrics .
the drizzle was slacking off now , but the light was grayer .
what i fled from was my fear of what , unwittingly , you might betray , without meaning to , about my father and yourself .
the thump and whir of our new presses .
at times , three ships a day from the soviet bloc are unloading in cuban ports .
oilcloth only costs about 79-cents a yard for the very best .
testifies at hearing
for any house .
mr. mitchell had an excuse for losing -- the steel strike lasted much longer than he anticipated .
looming over all , papa-san leered down at him , threatening a hundred hidden malevolencies .
it would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of pit-run gravel .
tests with beef have been largely unsuccessful because of the development of off-flavors .
i meant him no harm .
and it may be well to recall that to say `` conformity '' is , in part , another way of saying `` orderly human society '' .
all contributed will be acknowledged .
while a hazy part of my mind concentrated on swimming down , a clear part sorted over recent events , among them my only positive act in a long time .
a lantern hung from a peg , giving light .
we know that we have hydrogen in water ; ;
the union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment .
solid fats from the seeds of the mahua tree , the shea tree , and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries .
rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz , including many of his chinese and japanese translations ; ;
then wally got sick .
socialism , i grant , has a definite place in our society .
a notable example of this was the discussion of christian unity by the catholic archbishop of liverpool , dr. heenan , and the anglican archbishop of york , dr. ramsey , recently appointed archbishop of canterbury .
he might not be found for days , even weeks , otherwise .
inventories increased $625,561 to $8,313,514 during the year and should decline in coming months .
first , the girl's education has a lower priority than the son's .
the arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve .
he sat down before eddie's desk .
it seemed long , at least to tom brannon .
there are other dangers :
all critics of adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency .
failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist threateningly .
still , i was disgusted with myself for agreeing with montero's methods .
`` i agree , yes '' .
moritz said monday his leg feels fine and , as a result , he hopes to start practicing field goals this week .
mr. and mrs. anderson were entertained at dinner on sunday by mr. and mrs. frank coulson , of fairless hills .
d. d. will pop up with u-i chief milt rackmil at the carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie exhibitors .
but morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general .
the rubber and glass face mask slipped from poet's forehead , bounced painlessly off nick's chin , then disappeared .
john had claimed her from the stag line , a young man a year out of dartmouth with skiing crinkles still around his eyes .
for he kept on threatening that he would `` pull the ears '' of those responsible for agricultural production .
eight aircraft in this small box .
dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race parimutuels soon between reps. v. e. ( red ) berry and joe ratcliff .
to the editor :
i am a sophomore at mount pleasant high school .
sugar sprayed with a hiss that was loud in the silence .
as you said in your state of the union message , `` the problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' .
the outcome of the experiment is x successes .
`` for three days now a german reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures .
it could take place tomorrow night , or it might occur months from now .
they bought rustled cattle from the outlaw , kept him supplied with guns and ammunition , harbored his men in their houses .
additional entries must be made from time to time .
however , the building of freeways and garages cannot continue forever .
the girl cried .
never well known , but he had done his work competently .
the lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each hand center as well as their onset and completion .
alexander shifted his gaze to spencer .
`` can't you guess '' ? ?
the calmness and detachment of his tone suggested unawareness of how implicit was his own guilt in the words he had used to defend cromwell .
she clearly agreed that this had been the case .
of course he couldn't say much , really , because of debora , but linda kay could imagine what kind of woman his wife had been and what a raw deal he had got .
he snapped .
`` i know what i'm talking about in that department '' .
in the court once more , i went right toward the reception house , a long one-story building with a deep portico .
training ? ?
indeed , both `` journal '' and `` signal '' qualify as instructive catalogues of modern-dance calisthenics .
but he hastened to add that , if united states policies were not always clear , despite mr. rusk's analysis of the various global danger points and setbacks for the west , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy .
in the garage he checked the jeep for signs of the use he had made of it .
in 1900 the south was only 15% urban ; ;
( a )
teachers -- men who wore brown suits and had gray hair and pleasant smiles -- came to their table to talk shop and to be introduced to scotty and rachel .
`` we're all going over to lake tahoe and try our luck at cal-neva '' , buzz explained , still instigating .
`` because , fred , it could do him no good .
for a man of his mass he was curiously short .
he came out alone .
bill's hat was deposited in the hall closet .
( an unheated greenhouse would have been better , if i had had one .
the stained-glass windows may have developed unpremeditated patinas , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform .
the existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all national forest purposes that is not otherwise possible .
to date , the one meat showing favorable results at sterilization doses is pork .
two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word .
he arraigned the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with , at the least , resentment .
that is almost a perfect description of the predicament in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ?
boys and men go along the riverbank or to the alcoves in the top arcade .
estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the journal and bulletin on a triservice basis , as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service , were between $65,000 and $70,000 .
the high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis .
poach the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes , drain them , and cool .
he knew at a glance that the biggest sandals belonged to niobe , the neatest ones to concetta , and the laced ones to romeo , concetta's idiot brother .
i have witnesses .
`` now don't tell me what a good ball player you are .
she had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial , but had consciously prevented it from so doing .
the motor pool then , as now , had headquarter facilities in providence and other garages located throughout the state .
it was unlikely that any girl as sharp as mary jane brennan would believe it without proof .
molotov , in particular , is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services , to increase rents and fares ; ;
phil sighed and pulled the wet sweatshirt over his head .
having achieved this end , he was able to buy 116,000 square miles in the valleys of the red and assiniboine rivers .
she was ready for her great adventures and the arrival of her mobile partner .
when dr. wallace buttrick , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the science building named for him , he wrote miss tapley ( april 7 , 1923 ) `` if you had asked me , i think i would have suggested that you name the building for miss upton .
`` aw , shut up '' , he said .
clara harris , one of the guests in the box , stood up and demanded water .
it has happened .
the husband is usually a well-educated professional , preoccupied with his job -- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is : `` don't rock the boat '' .
thomas davis , an uncompromising garrisonian ; ;
for the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed connective points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door .
the prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was permitted .
`` i'll carry the tray '' .
as an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton .
`` cheerful way to spend an evening '' ! !
discussion
out in the center of the circle the farmer , who was dan , wasted no time when they came to the line , `` the farmer choose his wife '' .
this , however , is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict ( if both sides are strong enough ) can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used .
4 .
northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration .
andrei demanded .
he had done time for the theft .
one white hand poised a stick above his desk .
but not in front of trig .
the waspish man stepped forward .
even the questionable features of the past are defended .
jam ; ;
robbie and beryl tried their best to persuade her to come and stay with them , and anne and i have told her she's more than welcome here , but i think she feels that she might be an imposition , especially as long as our rosie is still in high school .
not long ago a newspaper advised those taking part in a contest that `` snapshots must be of a person not larger than af inches '' .
`` pack your clothes '' , she hissed .
in a fraction of a second the pickup truck hurtled by on the other side .
he felt a puppyish need for company as strong as his earlier necessity for quiet .
detroit , mich. ; ;
for , after leaving the army in 1956 , i spent five years in graduate school first at boston college and then at the university of toronto .
i am really ill at the present moment , and i will go to some sort of a sanitarium to normalize myself '' .
all seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for legality .
public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite christmas charities and their pennies , nickels , dimes and quarters aid greatly in helping santa to reach the fund's goal .
he sold perhaps three or four a year , and usually all to joyce monmouth or her friends .
it is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in .
`` you might as well wait here while i'm gone , so you can use my shower if you'd like '' .
nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies .
a bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and 8,280 st. patty day celebrants bet $842,617 on the well-prepared program .
we have heard that after seeing mr. quasimodo's work it will be virtually impossible to deny the artistic validity and importance of the whole abstract movement .
the season , between spring and summer , belongs to life in its carefree aspect .
the beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in creeds , dogmas , and doctrines , and form what durkheim calls a credo .
`` where did you gather all this information , heiser ? ?
at the time of his capture helion had on his person a sketchbook he had bought at woolworth's in new york .
he was shaking with anger , his breath coming in long , painful gasps .
`` let's hear it , anyway '' .
he strode past the now frightened man , entered the house .
his first thought is about the question itself : is there a question here for american foreign policy , and , if so , what is it ? ?
many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in american homes , but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using japanese artfulness in our own western architecture at the same time that the japanese are adopting western utility patterns .
walitzee whitened his leggings with clay , knowing the girl watched from her place in the trees .
i'll be down at the creek finishing the dishes , if you want me '' .
i think his name stopped the snoring but he didn't move except to roll a little when i shoved him .
the men in pettigrew's were tired from a night's drinking , their faces red and baggy .
another had ended before it began .
again , the composer must select his own materials .
see also chap. 11 ) .
all of the jobs in the mission might be equal in the eyes of the lord , but they were certainly not equal in the eyes of the lord's servants .
thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller european states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere .
sen. case aj , has received a nice `` thank you '' note from a youngster he appointed to the air force academy in colorado .
william a. martinelli , chairman of the citizens group of johnston , transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of council president raymond fortin sr. .
`` go back to sleep most likely '' .
but for the start of the santa cruz run , the whip fell .
he liked looking at anne .
in presenting it to other governments and to the united nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the united nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee .
with the blue flesh of night touching him he stood under a gentle hill caressing the flageolet with his lips , making it whisper .
fearful of inviting a military showdown with the west which they could not win , the communists seek to undermine western power where the nuclear might of the west is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla skirmishes , in mob uprisings in the streets , in parliaments , in clandestine meetings of undercover conspirators , at the united nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level .
drill a no. 50 hole , tap 2-56 and insert a roundhead 2-56 screw as you did on the first end .
in the united states department of agriculture's yearbook of agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , george e. bohart mentions a site in utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 nesting females .
but then since the operator is diagonalizable , the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root ; ;
here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds .
`` of course , dear '' , she said .
the adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them .
i didn't want to touch him and i hoped ma would do it but she kept looking at the kid's clothes piled on the floor and the pool of water by them and didn't make any move to .
it was the barkeep .
an alternative was found in the vagueness of state law as to whether the offending order had in fact been authorized .
now we have af or af and all four of these operators commute with one another .
it is plain as hell johnson is no reactionary .
he had in fact said simply that he wished the thing hadn't happened , which was as honest as he could put it .
ultimately the u.n. army in the congo reached a top strength of 19,000 , including about 5,000 from india and a few soldiers from eire and sweden , who were the only whites .
of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , mr. kennedy carried 26 and mr. nixon 14 .
such equipment has been installed at hilo , midway , attu and dutch harbor .
`` not there '' , he said , getting back onto his horse .
i grew uneasy .
i hate it .
a former du pont official became a general motors vice president and set about maximizing du pont's share of the general motors market .
houses winked as the cars rolled beside a little depot .
`` and you fall for a lumber jockey '' .
conchita kept an eye on the twins and little elena , trying to keep them from falling into the creek by which they persisted in playing .
beowulf and the homeric poems appear oral compositions .
either i get the story -- or i get the suite '' .
rachel's tone was dry .
he said pike had stolen mules from harris during the santa fe expedition ; ;
his feet still hung over the stern of the transom , but as he reached for the smoke he raised them to swing them in .
agnese , smiling too , said , `` 'ello '' , and then more slowly , `` i am happy '' .
the following morning mr. morikawa called for me , and we went to visit schools -- kindergarten , middle-school , elementary school , and high school -- mr. yoshimoto's school .
apparently you were the light of their lives '' .
some of the island is sand and is not suitable for living .
alec glanced into the bathroom .
then there are a pair of old biddies played by grace carney and sibly bowan who may be right off the shelf of stock irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and malevolence into their parts that they're quite entertaining .
such proposals look to an apocalyptic act , a kind of lockian `` social contract '' on a world-wide scale .
the heavens refused to give up their weeping .
they would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate `` professionals '' but agitators for some kind of `` cause '' or `` reform '' , and this was no longer to be a `` pro '' .
open your heart to him and pray , stephen , pray ! !
i can see us now .
i felt a queasiness in my own stomach but it wouldn't do to show these girls that we were afraid .
it has to do with teachers' salaries and tenure .
the alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a democratic victory absolutely fruitless .
if there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion , it was now dispelled .
johnson unwired the right hand door , whose window was , like the left one , merely loosely-taped fragments of glass , and johnson wadded himself into a narrow seat made still more narrow by three cases of beer .
these discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific community ; ;
the submarine has become increasingly attractive as an antisubmarine weapon system .
furthermore , he could go on repeating the maneuver endlessly : every time he went in the bedroom , he could drop a slip or a brassiere , or maybe a girdle , next to his shorts .
it aggravated him .
so we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal , apparently momentary states of matter , successive one after another in consciousness , but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies .
it was not opposed to either justice or morality ; ;
i think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city .
5 .
these included , as one , mr. and mrs. anthony payne , who had checked in a little after noon the day before , and had not checked out together .
in late childhood the influence of the group on the social behavior of the child continues to increase ; ;
with destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life -- rebuilding entire cities , expanding facilities for entertainment , providing unlimited opportunities for education -- indeed , for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest .
so was the attack upon charles e. bohlen when eisenhower appointed him ambassador to moscow .
at any rate , heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window panes , and fused the k'ang-si pottery to cinders .
af is the friction force between chip and knife surfaces , and p is the normal force acting on the face of the knife .
when felix first opened the door on it , all these shades were tightly drawn and the whole studio was as dark as night .
generally , throughout the south , there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met .
instead of admonishing him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master montreal bodybuilding authority , professor roland claude .
his nationalism was not a new characteristic , but its self-consciousness , even its self-satisfaction , is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of english history .
player won only one .
not without a face-saving respite of at least a few minutes .
the easiest way to describe this release is to say that it reproduces an interesting and effective steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values .
with this excuse i have never been much impressed .
soon the office work claimed all her time .
from america were the messrs. littlepage and jones .
`` sometimes eleven , fourteen a day '' .
wander past the three superb columns of apollo by the arches of the theatre .
furthermore , a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety .
for the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the united states of america joined in founding the united nations .
clapping spurs to the bronc he set off at a sharp canter , with growing alarm .
`` there may not be any women left '' , i said .
it was very refreshing .
a point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly relayed through n .
the chief literary antecedents of the snopes clan appeared in the realistic , humorous writing which originated in the south and the southwest in the three decades before the civil war .
he was kneeling to tie his shoelaces .
most of the sights lie in the old section across the golden horn from the modern hotels .
( this method does not apply to electronic switches .
last year's volume was at the top a couple of inches below the ceiling .
poetry in persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply fissured by antagonisms -- all may stand .
and then again perhaps the reason why he couldn't find time to do any of the things he had planned to do after retirement : reading , roaming , gardening , lying on his back and watching the clouds go by , was because he didn't want to do them .
sufficiently , at least , to get them back into town .
their old errors of judgment were equated , in the curious logic of the time , with present treasonous intent .
it was a ridiculous situation and rector knew it , for hino , frankly partisan , openly gregarious , would make a poor espionage agent .
they are still considered to be for use in restricted waters , however , and targets must come within a few yards of them .
in some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 .
it had sounded good to andrei , but he did not believe it .
in proportion to the degradation of his moral worth , is the increase of his worth to them '' .
the freight car was cold , early in the morning .
see , communese is easy -- once you get onto it .
but for the safety of southeast asia , and for the sake of the laotian people -- who would not be well-ruled by either militant minority now engaged in the fighting -- this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made .
i now ever look for christ according to his promises and those of the old testament as well , to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth .
something in the back of his mind was aware that the magnificence of the plan lay in his faith , that the idea would work because he believed in it , since his courage and virility were involved , because it was truly his .
if your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one .
no one had .
from the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` unwarrantable '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to live & die solitary , & in the love only of the highest lover '' .
to some degree they are being supplanted by a concept of national responsibility .
they advanced in a line across the entrance hall to the stairway and up , with gingerly steps , towards the first landing .
nick asked , apprehensively , staring at the weapon .
the buildings are mostly georgian .
he rejects all subjectively motivated continuity , any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect .
if we are born of god we have faith in christ as the only saviour .
) 9 .
obviously , a satisfactory answer to the third question is imperative , if the argument is to get under way at all , for if there is any possibility of doubt whether the patient's tactual sensitivity had been impaired by the occipital lesion , any findings whatsoever in regard to the first question become completely ambiguous and fail altogether , of course , as evidence to establish the desired conclusion .
here are a couple of the latest , highly styled ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard ! !
not push-ups but stand-ups
in the very front rank , two men were wounded and staggered along , trailing blood behind them .
after a while , kitty murmured something to cappy , and he held her close , answering , `` we'll just have to wait till we pull into philly , honey '' .
this represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem .
first of all , the admitting physician in the va hospital gets the patient as a new patient .
even in that he never solos like jack on guitar or rich on sax .
cady handed her the letter , drank his coffee and waited with what he suddenly realized was belligerence .
the oxen might as well enjoy it .
seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position .
jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the reef .
yet u.s. coal is cheap enough to make foreign steelmakers' mouths water .
we would attend a film and , later on , i stated , we might go to the mayflower coffee shop or child's or toffenetti's for waffles .
the rancher went a mile down this road and then , when he reached a big red boulder , swung off the road .
mrs. podger had obligingly pushed things around on the porch to make room for it , and there it was , slung in a vine-shaded corner , the night breeze rippling its fringe with a slow , caressing movement .
he opened the inner door ; ;
( babin has acquired some of schnabel's keyboard manner , but his playing is of limited insight .
but he knew how important it was for her to keep her figure .
two committees of members of the advisory board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of fellows from canada , the united states , and the english-speaking caribbean area and one for the selection of fellows from the latin american republics and the republic of the philippines .
the intima of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing fusiform clefts and mononuclear cells .
`` yes , gavin , you did '' .
alfred , who was a good deal older than harry , had treated him like a son , and when harry decided to stay in business with lew instead of going with alfred , alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal .
3 .
if , for some reason such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a thrust-to-weight ratio of 12 or 15 to one .
as long as she could do nothing constructive about the situation she was in , she would think about something else .
he reasoned and argued , pointing out that jones or other confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat .
orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly , by a system of peridontal membrane with an involved nerve network , to the bone in the jaw ; ;
the loss in growth of sawtimber because of damage by destructive agencies in the united states in 1952 was estimated to be about 44 billion board feet .
the third type , however , wrenches attention from the life of action and interests in the community and focuses it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence .
it was as if they could hardly wait to get into their costumes , cover their faces with masks and go adventuring .
they recall byron's classic comment : `` i wish he would explain his explanation '' .
prolonged vibration is also undesirable ; ;
i never liked going straight into an examination with patients -- it relaxes them , i've always thought , to chat first .
she lied in order to get it .
his eyes went back to contemplation of the sea .
in spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about alfred .
with the diversity of religious viewpoints , there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of religion ; ;
about 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries .
`` for now , it is clear that we were in the wrong .
an outdoor , aboveground fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks .
she could not count the times herman had rapped on the door , just a couple of bangs that shook the whole damned closet and might , someday , break away the pipe connections from the wall .
`` i'd wind up full of bullet holes '' , he said , and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his coworkers .
3 )
it has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this .
the wool would become frazzled around the edges from blowing in the wind , and mama would mend it .
ralph houk , successor to casey stengel at the yankee helm , plans to bring the entire new york squad here from st. petersburg , including joe dimaggio and large crowds are anticipated for both weekend games .
we can now prove several lemmas .
urge them to write out their questions for the box .
( b )
not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations , but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply scrutinized that membership would be equivalent to certification to teach the subject .
the single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate .
here he would have free expression because the material could be moved to distort forms .
albert ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of tsh made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material .
`` i couldn't agree with you more '' .
the double editorial on two aspects of `` the u.s. spirit '' was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for gambles great as well as small , reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land .
but surely michigan avenue was handsome ? ?
not so soon , anyway .
as a dramatic narrative `` the making of the president 1960 '' is continuously engrossing .
any free elections that were to be held in poland would have to produce a government in which moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the west for free voting by anti-soviet elements in poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements .
fear of the competition -- always a great motivating force in the american economy -- makes retailers who do not have suburban operations exaggerate both the volume and the profitability of their rival's shiny new branches .
rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society .
he bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by russia within a few years .
their ham butts , cured in oak-log smoke , were also esteemed when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce :
in 1959 , according to the engineers , lake texoma was only one of thirty-two artificial lakes and reservoirs which were used for recreation by over 1,000,000 persons .
the anaerobic conditions in the existing oxidation pond necessitated examination of other methods for supplying additional oxygen than by sodium nitrate .
creations needed
the couperin `` la steinkerque '' , with its battle music , brevity , wit and refined simplicity , already shakes off corelli and points towards the mid-century elegances that ended the baroque era .
will your union accept seniority concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? ?
`` now he's bought it '' , said my wife contentedly .
he walked all the miles back to his room .
why do we need bigger and better bombs ? ?
those famous lines of the greek anthology with which a fading beauty dedicates her mirror at the shrine of a goddess reveal a wise attitude : `` venus , take my votive glass , since i am not what i was , what from this day i shall be , venus , let me never see '' .
both are good , daring fielders : mantle covers more ground ; ;
that was not reasonable either .
`` when the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband follower '' , dr. linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' .
an isotropic resonance shift of af to lower applied fields indicates a weak isotropic hyperfine contact interaction .
the cocktail party .
my point is this : whether there is such fitness or not , we all assume that there is , and if we do , we express in moral judgments more than the subjectivists say we do .
the royal lao army , on the other hand , was paid and equipped with american funds .
the order of fitting is not too important .
this is a serious-minded interpretation , but it is never strait-laced .
so you turn around '' .
it took them over an hour to get back to the station where they should have changed , in order to take the line that went to the place redoute .
at times we can say that it was the major factor .
in his gym the professor has some of the most `` knocked out '' equipment since vic tanny .
mr. eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a peace corps girl in nigeria to attack the entire corps as a `` juvenile experiment '' and to suggest sending a corps member to the moon .
the room's occupants were still seated or they had been called into the hallway by an alarmed police captain .
i have used a variety of heavy-weight hand-made papers , but prefer an english make , rough surface , in 400-pound weight .
a comedy in three acts '' , in which , under `` personages '' , henrietta appeared as `` a schoolmarm '' , and bertha , who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than henrietta had been , appeared as `` dummkopf '' .
she wouldn't have , even if he'd asked her .
the tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession .
there can be no doubt , the boston of that era could be exquisitely cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior .
as he drove home through the thinning traffic , cady felt the unease growing .
what have you to say to that , sergeant '' ? ?
`` then why don't you stop squinting '' ? ?
who loved her .
so , forgive me , sigmen , for the contrary-to-reality thoughts ! !
nothing bald , open ; ;
lewis could let his eye caress the prince's divan , covered with a rose-pink and silver turkish cloth , or admire the lovely tapis , interwoven with gold , that spread across the floor .
one false move on his part and he would be a dead man .
i had for some time been hoping , in vain , for one of the dim figures to pass between the fan vents and myself .
riverboat ( dalzell-cousin rachel ) has gone in 2:38 .
in fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other .
he had lost his audience .
the combined threat of hell-fire and ugliness is too much for her , and she falls terrified at his feet .
the wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard af and af of a good grade , free from structural faults .
the little unsinkable sank almost immediately .
he'd been there several times , back when , while he and radic had been friends , or at least not enemies .
the senate to him was not the `` upper body '' and he corrected those who said he served `` under '' the president .
in general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; ;
another said that her arm did not go up at first `` because i wouldn't let it ; ;
rep. mac barber of commerce is asking the house in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds .
`` but you can't ride into the ferry .
`` lillian's bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much '' , said the secretary ruefully eyeing her extra pounds .
we are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been discredited and proved false .
on december 21 , the day that the irish house of commons petitioned for removal of sir constantine phipps , their tory lord chancellor , molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of phipps by convocation : `` they that have turned the world upside down , are come hither also '' .
abruptly he reached into his pocket .
`` convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today .
ideally , brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance .
remarks of hon. wayne l. hays of ohio
even though in civil rights legislation in 1957 and 1960 the provision for the attorney general to act was eliminated , should we nevertheless support such a clause ? ?
but when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding oscillation in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit .
the chinning bar
for internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry .
hub shook his head so andy told him not to bother .
the significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding physiologic differences been determined .
as to our action , let us align ourselves with the purpose expressed by jesus in the lord's prayer : `` thy kingdom come , thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' .
immediately refill to a level of af inches with water at 100 - 109-degrees-f ( 38 - 43*0c ) .
-- engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers .
and if you bore each other then , heaven help you .
writing to speed on august 24 , 1855 , lincoln made the latter point clear .
to derive utopian communism from the jerusalem christian community of the apostolic age or from its medieval successors-in-spirit , the monastic communities , is with an appropriate shift of adjectives , misleading in the same way as to derive it from plato's republic : in the republic we have to do with an elite of physical and intellectual athletes , in the apostolic and monastic communities with an elite of spiritual and religious athletes .
there it seems that the goitrogen ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active goitrogen , which is then secreted in the milk .
the signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them .
cultures taken from the jejunum yielded monilia albicans , pseudomonas pyocanea , aerobacter aerogenes , and streptococcus anhemolyticus .
but they were going up to the big house after supper , and she had to put on a clean dress and fix her hair a little .
a lot of thought went into storage space construction .
something in my voice must have touched her deeply because her anger passed quickly , and she turned away to keep me from seeing her face .
article 2 , uses of rupees
the disclosure by charles bellows , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial .
the battens covering the joints are of af stock and are applied after the walls are erected .
wooden butter molds and cookie presses .
who were more ingratiating than gracious , more personalities than persons .
`` i'll be there , but i'll walk '' , doc said .
construct sides , bottom and top as for box , using slip on scored edges and coils of clay to reinforce seams .
the four functional problems of a social system are , to some extent , solved by the subsystems within this population .
to the members of our advisory board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of fellows .
( g )
but clarity is not enough .
it resembles mozart .
over 60 juniors , parents and guests attended .
`` do you think laura did have the counterfeit bracelet made without her husband's knowledge '' ? ?
and let me add , utopianism , also .
scenic effects
in the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring rooney around -- friendly persuasion , groveling abasement , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of heartbreak and penury among a threadbare diplomatic corps .
the distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master , beyond crude conjectures as to the orderings of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth .
( he asked this out loud , but no one heard it over the other noise in the hut ) .
the country will not change until it re-examines itself and discovers what it really means by freedom .
the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs embodying -- ( a )
where they had affected the bleak social style of embalmers' assistants , menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails .
this is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the northern universities .
i don't have the answer yet .
the gog magog hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling .
i think i can manage one more favor for you '' .
`` don't you play hard today then .
the parties were on the whole unprepared for elections , while the people were still experiencing post-independence let-down and suffering the after-effects of poor harvests in 1957 .
just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting , unless the position serves the design of the whole composition .
and so did the observers consisting of the president , three of his salesmen and a psychologist .
`` from time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or noxious gases or other inhumane devices of warfare .
in the evening the former oregon state science teachers met for dinner at the new tokyo restaurant where i had my first raw fish and found it good .
you're pretty hard on him '' .
the day passed eventfully enough , with a constant stream of visitors , some stopping only to say hello , others getting into serious conversations , such as one andre fuchs , a free-lance journalist from strasbourg who wrote an article for the nouvelle alsatian in highly sympathetic terms .
lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his `` second inaugural '' that god `` gives to both north and south this terrible war , as the woe due to those by whom the offense came '' .
in the jakes , after robbie and his crutches were properly stowed , mr. herford went to the adjoining facility .
a5 .
not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ;
byron laughed .
now he has abandoned all that to be a writer .
to those who believe in his name : who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of god .
asked one of the children .
this tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for secretary rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates .
the moral aridity of merchants made them loyal usually to their ledgers .
when they were closer and he saw that one was a woman , he was more puzzled than ever .
he would order her to bring coffee , and would take from his vest pocket a thin black pipe which he would stuff -- he would not remove his gloves -- and light and smoke .
do you ? ?
the farmers may be aroused if congress cuts into the agriculture department's budget .
rector laughed despite himself .
the choice of p and n determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when af ; ;
there is also the question of whether the respondent based his answers on factual information and carefully considered judgment , or whether his answers were casual guesses .
that keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and thawing .
when he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another national league club to move here .
`` for the future .
they're followed by the front and rear bulkheads as illustrated .
the figures on the worksheet paper in front of her were jumping and waving around so badly it was all she could do to make them out clearly enough to copy them with the typewriter .
among the musicals , camelot came from t. h. white's the once and future king , and novels were the sources of the less than momentous tenderloin and do re mi .
`` i know you when you start talking about brains and talent '' , maggie said .
and it is not unlikely that , even as the great bach lay dormant for so many years , so has the erudite , ingenious salfininistas passed through his `` purgatory '' of neglect .
he had just returned my change when the doorman came in off the street to page me .
is it really that the `` public '' buys at the tops , and not that the market tops out when the `` public '' buys ? ?
his wide mouth compressed .
a baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their one-room anne arundel county home .
-- in today's `` voice '' , the cta is urged to reduce fares for senior citizens .
`` no '' ? ?
travelers indemnity co. and the continental casualty co. .
as soon as an experimental tug assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant .
clearly , this was a family in crisis .
that meant `` mama wants you quint .
it was just me and eileen getting drunk together like we used to in the old days , and me staring at her across the table crazy to get my hands on her partly because i wanted to wring her neck because she was so ornery but mostly because she was so wonderful to touch .
a measure of the total mass accretion of meteoritic material by the earth is obtained from analyses of deep-sea sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( pettersson , 1960 ) .
actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the hijackers get away with any kind of an airplane ; ;
it is distinctly possible , therefore , that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts inoperable and hence , uninjectable .
this is the tale of one john enright , an american who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man .
they had orders to that effect straight from president kennedy , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of cuba's fidel castro who had taken over the 707 .
this was her place .
alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door .
you want me to call her '' ? ?
which brings to mind another lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the oedipal theme .
it bewilders and befuddles him .
firearms international has introduced another import , this one from finland .
this family of luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children .
the senate also voted $5.2 billion to finance the government's health , welfare , and labor activities .
locate the position from fig. 7 .
for he was created not exactly immortal , nor yet exactly mortal , but capable of immortality as well as of mortality .
surely this is a reality we all acknowledge .
`` you get the rest when i'm safely out of majdanek '' .
pierre ameaux , the gaming-card manufacturer said , his little pig eyes glaring .
it is possible to locate an angular electrical pickoff , which will indicate the angular deviation between the true heading direction and the platform .
despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail , as late as 1948 it was still possible to postulate a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in ca. 450 ) influx of germans as the type of invasions .
sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another , both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour .
this matter is of great importance , and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death , or at least serious injuries , for many veterans .
in the office you might have thought them only casual friends ; ;
but it coupled with this a requirement that indians must bring their pelts to mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the indian country .
it was essential that he should restore his formidable reputation as a rip-roaring , ruthless gun-slinger , and this was the time-honored wild west method of doing it .
i don't know what goes on around here , and i don't care .
poet a murderer ? ?
an old man with a white beard and dressed in a long shabby coat , baggy trousers , and a black skullcap greeted us .
we got dr. glenn to him as quickly as we could , and we wired tom of papa's desperate condition .
this situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax , and probably justifiably .
it began with a preamble , of course .
he and his prospective producer just read the bestseller lists .
extreme caution should be used , however , to avoid the conflicting usage of an index word or electronic switch which may result from the assignment of more than one name or function to the same address .
an optimal policy is an admissible policy af which maximizes the objective function p .
ah , you were splendid '' .
so we get the whole state covered with peas , about four feet deep .
no one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant .
( b )
`` you get that kid over to rose's house '' .
the plan for eliminating traffic hazards for pedestrians was developed by dr. constantinos a. doxiadis , former minister of reconstruction in greece and a consulting planner for the new eastwick corp. .
instead of her old confidence in the simplest , purest , most moving musical expression , miss schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes misleads a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside .
the single-step type
a prepared statement released by the student group friday stated that `` extensive research by coahr into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and stand-ins before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits ''
it is for these reasons that proposals for a `` new world order '' , through radical overhaul of the united nations or through some sort of world federation , are utterly fatuous .
cool air moving slowly through the open or smashed-out side windows hinted of blooming roadside vegetation , and occasionally a faint fragrance of perfume swirled from the back seat .
if this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or artisans , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of coureurs de bois .
the posse's retreat encouraged the mexicans to be overbearing and impudent .
he'd told hank maguire and luis hernandez about his wife's refusal to come with him and about what he now intended to do .
they'll be in range in a short while '' .
no action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , penal reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright banning of fireworks sales .
the narragansett race track grounds is one assembly point , he said , and a drive-in theater in seekonk would be another .
morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to edge hill on the left of the americans .
slight downward pressure
he , mcbride , would be cited as in the wrong , and he , lord , would go scot-free , an officer who had only done his duty , though perhaps too energetically .
the bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body .
full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital .
and i have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up north because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town .
in any other man this reassurance to the electorate would have caused us a profound moral shock .
in the ditch sand was white and soft-looking , only an occasional pebble discernible , faintly gleaming .
the average sludge age based on displacement of solids was calculated to be 14.5 days .
he laughed , suddenly , feeling a surge of power telling him of his hold over them , seeing himself before them , receiving utmost respect and attention .
`` listen , ekstrohm , i want to give you the benefit of every doubt .
but more than one conscientious researcher has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less excusable fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem .
she was found the day after at the bottom of the cliff .
giffen advised acceptance of this plan , citing the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation .
on a misty sunday morning last month , a small band of militant anti-communists called the minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here .
primary target would be shipments of tanks , guns , aviation gasoline and ammunition coming from russia and czechoslovakia .
he assembled quantities of facts about the nature of american politics in general , as well as about the day-to-day course of the closest presidential election in american history .
saami's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 teen hunter club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young americans .
he threw out some of hutchins' more wildly experimental courses , raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to 2,100 , nearly doubled endowment to $139.3 million .
in minnesota , arrowhead county and route 53 north to international falls are outstanding .
british common sense is proverbial .
even professor arnold toynbee , agreeing with his son , does so in these terms : `` compared to continuing to incur a constant risk of the destruction of the human race , all other evils are lesser evils .
the work for commonweal was more satisfying than work for commentary `` because of the staff's tiptoeing fear of making a booboo '' .
the feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the president and that plain talk by mr. kennedy would give him pause .
now hans had given ma something of his -- we both had when we thought she was going straight to pa -- something valuable ; ;
these entries should normally appear at the beginning of the program or immediately following each litorigin statement .
glimco a buddy
campus broadcasting station
this machine , like its milling counterpart , was the antecedent of a machine-family used to this very day in precision metalworking shops throughout the world .
successive 1-ml fractions were then drawn off with a hypodermic syringe , starting at the top of the tube , and tested for agglutinin activity .
there are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the catholic university .
ejaculated the surprised woman , looking at alex for an explanation but he , parting from her without ceremony , only offered a few words about the doctor's provincial american speech and a state of nerves brought on by the demands of his work .
the doctor's wits had not left him , however , for all his sixty-eight years , and the wails were almost immediately lost in the sound of water rushing out from the showerhead .
the more i talked with him , the more convinced i became that that was the secret of their riotous blooming .
he raged .
other awards for juniors
in addition , the polyphosphates are also used , probably acting more as peptizing agents than anything else .
from being a hated tyrant and madman he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of sweden .
i had just the same as delivered him into the hands of the devil ! !
linda kay felt like going off to the bedroom to cry ; ;
not all these regions exhibited equal agglutinating activity , as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas .
the details of the removal process are shown schematically in fig. 6 .
the story is of a famous strip cartoonist , an arty individual , whose specialty is the american boy and who adopts a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material .
then , as their grokking made them ever closer and mike felt himself almost ready to discorporate her voice called him back : `` oh ! !
but there is no line between france and germany , that is , no actual line .
he was also , if pam north was right , a closer acquaintance of lauren payne's than she , now , was inclined to admit .
old mr. pocket's frantic response to life imprisonment with a useless , social-climbing wife is to `` put his two hands into his disturbed hair '' and `` make an extraordinary effort to lift himself up by it '' , whereas joe gargery endures the shrewish onslaughts of mrs. joe by apologetically drawing `` the back of his hand across and across his nose '' .
a family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation .
certainly not , i mean , no that isn't what i said '' ! !
`` is that so '' ? ?
his new poem , a love poem , told of a young husband leading his wife upstairs to the bedroom when the lights in the house have failed .
for some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income .
hal felt sorry for mary ; ;
`` do you have any idea how far i travel every day ? ?
i think you are being unfair to take these things up now .
the bread baked from this mixture is light in color and fragrant in aroma .
his hat ( the cause of his baldness ? ?
however much football has been over-emphasized , the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard , so , while yale need never give its record a thought again since outscoring its opponents 694 to 0 in the season of 1888 , dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition .
currency :
`` what if i said nobody was here but a couple of patrolmen '' ? ?
`` somebody's got to be a preacher in the family .
do you insist that unneeded salary employees take their vacations during plant shutdowns ? ?
towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare .
maybe the indian wasn't too much at fault , ramey thought .
so were a lot of other people .
the charter does stipulate that `` due regard '' shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on `` as wide a geographical basis as possible '' .
`` holy mackerel , that's the most unique dog i ever saw '' , she said firmly .
from the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river .
surrounded by ancient elms , the campus is spacious and beautiful .
already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the kennedy administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security .
at least , we were together and we had mrs. hodges , bless her , to look after us -- no mother could be fonder of gladdy than mrs. hodges was .
for the first three weeks , the ship skirted up the east coast of great britain , then turned westward .
he had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951 , and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry .
it was incredible -- he gave me an embarrassed , pleading look .
if we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ?
the system tended to break down during the war , but was reactivated ; ;
nouns and adjectives in a written tradition are chosen for the nonce ; ;
then he played nine imaginary holes of golf , choosing his handicap , his irons , his stance , his opponents , and his weather in detail , but the green of the links seemed faded in the light of his business worries .
the first pretrial conference -- held to appoint amici curiae to represent the interest of the stockholders of du pont and general motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on september 25 , 1957 .
haney managed a weak laugh .
an old man , sitting against the wall of a cottage and waiting for the sun to find him , gave her a more than reflective look as she passed , the sap still plainly rising in his branches .
petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the department of justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the federal bureau of investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report .
`` i don't know '' .
present at the scene -- in addition to the dead man , who was indeed louis thor -- had been thor's partner bill blake , and antony rose , an advertising agency executive who handled the zing account .
it is possible that certain mutational forms may be produced such as antibiotic resistant strains .
moreover , the law of the land is not irrevocable ; ;
what you were looking for ( unless you make a hobby of collecting old tennis rackets and fly screens ) eludes me , but to judge from phonograph records scattered about a fumed-oak victrola .
viola greeted me , in checked apron , ladle in hand , and explained it was the cook's night out and that she herself was preparing dinner .
let af where the maximization is over all admissible policies af .
`` what do you feel '' ? ?
the range is from 14 to 25 inches ; ;
they dragged him inside the building .
the voice sank back into the general tangle of sound , but the question stayed in mr. podger's mind .
of classification first , with elapsed age merely a by-product ; ;
don't work too hard '' .
a well-designed , 1200-square-foot house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as $128 a year , or $11 a month .
one would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 .
`` of course ( george's letter continued ) , there are practical problems to be considered .
they , however much they were in disagreement with the late victorians over the method by which britain was germanized , agreed with them that the end result was the complete extinction of the previous celtic population and civilization .
but here we have a distinctly modern preoccupation ; ;
now , not only are there considerably more laity as students and professors at oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-catholic members of the university .
there had been signs and portents like the regular toppling over and defacing of the bust of lauro di bosis near the villa lante and in the gianicolo .
gloria ( surname : ziraldo ) , circa 30 , who was born in italy and once did `` chorus work '' in toronto , has been around longer than most of the others , wistfully remembers the old days when `` we used to get the seamen from the ships , you know , with big turtleneck sweaters and handkerchiefs and all .
god allowed it .
waddell asked , frowning .
using edgerton's method , the fast-closing action is obtained from the blackening of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires .
he pressed his face against the grille .
as a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient .
war was a smugglers' heaven .
another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 .
eligibility
with a tiny fur-piece wrapped around her shoulders , she wiggled her satin-covered buttocks down the street before him and didn't stop .
as the pace of the quadrennial american political festival accelerated , mr. white took more notes .
the predictability of the molecular weights was found to be within 10% for the polymers prepared , with af ratios less than 1.1 .
we would have preferred , however , to have had the rest of the orchestra refrain from laughing at this and other spots on the recording , since it mars an otherwise sober , if not lofty , performance .
`` the accommodations may not be the poshest , but man ! !
now what ? ?
the cops didn't suspect a thing , and i thought it was a coincidence .
the international theme will be continued with the balkan strings playing for a dinner the byron harveys will give in the racquet club after the tea .
he pulled out one of them and cocked it .
thus , to cite but one example , the pax britannica of the nineteenth century , whether with the british navy ruling the seas or with the city of london ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the united states ) may have incidentally benefited .
if he decides to proceed , he will custom-make for susie an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs .
after reading his statement discharging the 23d ward case , karns told wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been subpenaed , he would dismiss them .
a state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to law only by a manifestation of self-will , or consent .
the red pills are a vitamin-and-iron compound .
when the answer to what's wrong now ? ?
he scooped up the receiver and said , `` police chief '' , into the mouthpiece , and then , `` oh yes , mr. benson .
now the czarship had not affected my own sense of social values , but mother had attained a reflected glory through it , which had opened the doors of los angeles-pasadena society to her .
he asked her severely .
anyone still doubting that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses .
a student who while in attendance at carleton college participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the college , shall be permanently ineligible to participate in intercollegiate athletics at carleton college and will also face permanent suspension from the institution .
she seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke .
i know because this is my 37th year with hardly a break .
not long ago `` denver mud '' was most popular .
among christian groups , the mennonites have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the christian use of all forms of pressure .
hal , the linguist , saw the glittering discs and necklaces in terms of the languages spoken therein .
this is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children .
`` every day .
these my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and longer-lived than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending .
he daydreamed on the rock while she swam and splashed around .
uncle and aunt howe were the witnesses '' .
he got a small fire started and put on bacon and coffee .
the mucosa of the stomach was atrophic and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area .
he had no water for an enemy .
presumably the interfacial bond strength and gross cohesive properties are identical in each case .
mr. and mrs. merrill shoup have returned to their home in colorado springs after spending a few days at the brown palace hotel .
the formal displacement of the geocentric principle far from being copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him intolerable in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' unphysical ' triplication of centric reference-points : one center from which the planet's distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated .
they reside at 4911 miles dr. .
at the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it .
they earnestly desire to do the will of god .
they may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical rover boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so .
it is apparent from the above and from experimental evidence that the cooling requirements for the anode of free burning arcs are large compared with those for the cathode .
this term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human showin' fight , as one cowhand was heard to say , `` he arches his back like a mule in a hailstorm '' .
the whole official city apparently has an intense hatred toward birds .
he walked toward the center of the city to keep his rendezvous with styka .
since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to sanity have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example .
`` oh , nothing .
`` he was awake when i left '' .
qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities .
instead -- and not just to prove my objectivity -- i hasten to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the easter vacation shenanigans of collegians down in fort lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly vexes youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex .
to have applied statewide the decisions of the two cases heard in superior court , in my opinion , would have placed us clearly out of compliance with the wagner-peyser act and would have immediately opened the way for the secretary of labor , were he so inclined , to notify the governor of such noncompliance , set a date for hearing , and issue his finding .
tom said he almost burst into tears , he was so disappointed and put out .
both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below :
`` y'all wanna walk -- walk '' , he said .
what could a blockade accomplish ? ?
greer garson , world-famous star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in tasteful sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession .
`` all right .
and yet remain unmoved '' .
religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a worshiping group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; ;
mainly these were concerned with the possibility of the death of one parent and the complication of living with the survivor afterward , but the possible death of one's own spouse was not overlooked .
and while he was ever alert for game , and most particularly a tiger , penny marvelled at the eden they were traversing .
that this abandonment takes place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to associate jacoby with art , and to bring down upon him the punishment for art ; ;
and now ! !
in continuation of these theoretical studies , a more precise elucidation of the effects of imperfections in network structure is sought .
in his novel the house of the dead , dostoevsky tells of his experiences in a siberian prison camp .
cleveland , march 17 ( ap )
alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car .
but when you write to congresswoman church , bless her heart , your letter is answered fully and completely .
and there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together .
an adequately staffed and equipped state assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the state .
she asked if i had other advice and , heady with success , i rushed it in , i hope not too late .
in addition , the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation .
if not , how long to order and what is the price '' ? ?
( 2 )
in the f-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are af .
i do seem to snap at everybody these days , but i would like to think of a way to make a little extra money '' .
anthropologists , housewives , historians and such by profession , they approach their discipline as amateurs , collectors , commercial propagandists , analysts or some combination of the four .
they rode around and around to trample the figure into the sand .
a long time later , by cosmic clock , she said , `` mike ? ?
no group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the inter-american press association .
they shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the burden .
how much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ?
more often , these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data .
in addition , it is small enough to get into crevices , jacket and crown margins , malposed anteriors , and the back teeth .
he felt unutterably weary .
carmer's ingenious cache for his loot had been found .
separating , they took different sides of the main drag and systematically combed the bars .
he had presented the first german performances of puccini's manon lescaut and de falla's la vida breve .
he saw the most action , beat up more badmen with his bare fists , broke up the most gangs and sent more murderers to the gallows than any other u.s. marshal who lived before or after him .
there is the danger that the questions will mean different things to different respondents .
as a school district , the district of columbia has had desegregated schools since 1954 , shortly after the supreme court decision .
fat bottles , such as burgundies , have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props , such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood , to hold them in the proper reclining posture .
suggested evaluation and classification
`` rob tells me he's using your atlantis equipment on the dive '' .
) and then there were ecclesiastical matters , the matter of garibaldi's anti-clericalism .
the state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing rights-of-way : it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks .
proper evidence of the liquidation and succession must also be filed .
however , the differences in procedure are fundamental .
cady walked the block to the mailbox , almost ashamed of himself for arguing with anne .
but pansy seeds , he told me , soon `` run down '' .
they embrace independent poverty , usually with a `` shack-up '' partner who will help support them .
other similar affirmations in the declaration on liberated europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the western model .
`` a toast to the bride '' , sung by clarence nordstrom , playing a character called old man toomey , is quite simple , direct and touching .
the valley was only a few hundred yards wide with just about room enough for a properly performed hundred-and-eighty-degree turn .
the greatest impact of the matching-fund principle has been in initially encouraging the poorest states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds .
`` they were supposed to meet thor at nine pm for a conference concerning the ad campaign for their soap , a new angle based on this sx-21 stuff '' .
bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality .
a parallel function for philosophy is the study of the relation between perceptions experientially received and conceptions logically formed .
a strange wood creature came floating up from a patch of berry bushes .
government research will look into new products and methods .
docherty said , `` it's okay , bonfiglio , let him by '' .
there might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these tree-clumps : only -- there was not .
sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another judge smith ally , georgia's carl vinson , chairman of the armed services committee .
further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the free world to work together to help lift the scourge of poverty from less fortunate .
for the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large , powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a nullity .
the measured force , h , in cutting removal of coatings from their substrates consequently can be seen to be the sum of that force required to cut the coating , af , that due to the bluntness of the knife , af , and that due to the friction between the bottom of the knife and the substrate , af , or af .
as early as 1928 , however , the sloan style began to change .
`` he'll know when you tell him .
inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of creek-turn bottle green antique glaze .
it operates in its target's environment , and any advantage gained therefrom by the target is shared by the attacker .
the lieutenant's sparse brown hair was heavily pomaded , and as killpath raked the comb through it , it stuck together in thatches so that it looked like umbrella ribs clinging to his pink skull .
everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too fallible and corruptible -- in a word , too human -- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine .
drunkenness was no longer tolerated .
the audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard `` over the rainbow '' -- although the fellow that kept crying for `` get happy '' had to go home unhappy , about that item anyway .
these two were going to be easy pickins .
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried .
he muttered something about how terrible it was , and walked with deliberate slowness to the elevator .
the marine's eyes opened , squeezed shut , then opened squinted in the glare .
it wasn't what mae would want him to do , though .
moreover , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and dentistry because they can't afford the schooling costs .
in hunger stimulates man too the situation is very similar .
rourke hastily slopped whiskey into his glass on top of half-melted ice-cubes .
he is a native of new orleans and attended allen elementary school , fortier high school and soule business college .
`` kezziah , for miss kizzie '' , he suggested .
benson said to ramey .
success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; ;
in chicago , some time ago , mr. h. , age 27 , a diabetic since he was six , stopped using insulin because he had bought a `` magic spike '' -- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with barium chloride worth a small fraction of a cent -- sold by the vrilium company of chicago for $306 as a cure-all .
so simple , in fact , that it might even work -- although pamela , now , in her new frame of mind , was careful not to pretend too much assurance .
by using instruments of gradually increasing size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape .
libertines recalled the heroism of the past and demanded : `` are we going to allow the protestant pope , master calvin , to curtail our liberty ? ?
as they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away , they were probably no more than half-conscious that they painted in colors which had never existed .
he assured mr. martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible .
keys has no such objections to metrecal , quaker oats's quota and other 900-calorie milk formulas that are currently winning favor from dieters .
`` well , that's the only way to be '' , mrs. forsythe said , and gave her brassy laugh .
the verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's stepson , vincent hengesbach , 54 , who was tried for the same crime in december , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict .
referring to britain , he says , `` we see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy , placing this authority in continental hands '' .
keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet .
it is the concern of the department of state that the american people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the department of defense .
of curiosity ; ;
editors for volumes 1 , and 2 , were m. w. porter and the late r. c. spiller , both of oxford university .
reply :
the shooting development program of the sporting arms and ammunition manufacturers' institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national weeklies and the trade papers .
it has been estimated that the value of boats in rhode island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , excluding commercial boats .
gains of 2-3/4 were posted for teleprompter and republic foil .
when this situation exists , the address af will equal af which was produced from af .
he was , of course , in the house for a very long time .
and for his playmate , francis coletta of west warwick , who has a bit part , billy .
nothing testifies more clearly to that cleavage than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a july issue of life magazine , the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy .
he said he wanted very much to listen .
the last point was soon to be included in the `` seditious '' remarks used against him in parliament .
if they are used , the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the 8-inch solid concrete blocks .
the smell and feel of hot , wet woolen sleeves across his face .
there is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that af , where **zq is the probability that state ( i.e. , volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone .
`` what a beautiful room .
the many and frequent performances of the trout serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing .
) has amounted to about one third of those total revenue requirements which the carload freight business is supposed to be called upon to meet .
the presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in 1721 by ruysch , and thereafter by many others .
he was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an abysmal stupidity that can have come only from a complete incomprehension of human nature and human motives .
we are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days .
even if we marshal substantial agreement behind mandatory public education , we likely cannot expect that all the states will enact the legislation .
go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue basics -- cervelat , salami , vienna sausages , mettwurst , bratwurst , bockwurst , knackwurst , bologna , pepperoni , blutwurst -- and you have a long list of easy specialties .
it must be granted that the flouting of convention , no matter how well intentioned one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval .
now , adam , in the gray light of afternoon , stared across at the hut opposite his tent , and thought of simms purdew lying in there in the gloom , snoring on his bunk , with the fumes of whisky choking the air .
for once cady partlow wished anne would yell at him so he could yell back .
he had a mean , unbroken sheer bastard in his outfit , and someone invented the name trig for him .
where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` profit-maximizing '' and `` entry-limiting '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands .
each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail pouches .
its editors only knew of one example to point to , a public housing development of 278 homes in new haven described by john schulz in the march , 1950 issue .
weak hands react .
he had a pinkish-white complexion , a small straight nose , a short black beard , and tightly curled paot .
yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly .
i was twenty-one back then , in the army , and fog put our plane down at orly instead of rhine-main .
while there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process .
for all these points he relies exclusively on berle and means's study of 1932 , the modern corporation and private property .
not quite .
she turned on her side , finding the idea oppressive .
`` but now i am not lonely .
this is the second time .
let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda .
he was tingling within .
the bullet went wide .
`` where else would he get it ? ?
with this barrage , montgomery of alamein launches his attack upon the blunderings of the west .
take the axe .
the bad late poems are bad hardy .
there are three soft-drink vending machines , and if you should be joined by -- anybody -- try to keep things quiet , if you will .
he stumbled into the house , eyes burning like fire .
after the decking is on , the cabin sides are installed .
today , seven years after the date of my initial induction as a draftee , i am assistant professor of philosophy and science at st. michael's college .
jesus made three things clear about forgiveness .
he wanted the mission compound to be effortlessly spotless .
he bounced exuberantly on the sagging bed and was even more delighted when madame lalaurie -- after closing the door -- showed the slave that the bed was designed for something other than slumber .
`` and i think you had better leave '' , replied miriam .
start on hands and feet .
another source of nbc pride was its rare film clip of bix beiderbecke , but this view of the great trumpeter flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have blotted out the entire glimpse .
he went for more aspirin later in the day , and passed the surly landlord on the way -- he was still alive and scowling as usual , as if tenants were a burden in his life .
a blow to this phase of the central's operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself , but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient , reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city .
the two men watched as dave closed the door behind them , watched them cross the sidewalk to their car .
if i could call in , they could check the story while we were on our way .
from the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research .
he described the ham decorated with pineapple and cherries , cooling on the porch .
living in san francisco i saw them seldom enough to see them with a perspective which was not distorted by exasperation or fatigue .
3 .
this was going to be it now , any second , and what he had to remember was to keep his eye on the razor , no matter what , even if roberts should feint with a kick to the groin , the deadly hand was his exclusive concern .
for added strength , i also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and batten joint .
slug the kid , grab his dough -- at least enough to get to philadelphia -- and then have a rockin' ball with the doll .
the cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision .
there was one of the new forte-pianos in the room and , as claire rose to go , he asked her to sing him one song before she left .
i suspected why he brought it along .
again , i at first misconstrued this disconcertingly intense communication , and i quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak , with such utter conviction , of an opinion held by my father , now several years deceased .
walitzee was among them , and sarpsis , and they wore red blankets which flew like broad wings in the air of their passing .
`` can i ride around with you '' ? ?
several years ago i was his pastor .
only co differentiated between the two groups at less than the 5% level ( af ) .
simpkins from somerset
drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were ransacked .
then she snorted and groped for her fork .
elaine stritch , who sings with a persuasively warm huskiness , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as mr. coward's songs .
i hadn't done a serious picture in almost a year .
`` very well '' , payne said .
tessie could do nothing for alfred .
and now , in march , all laos suffered a state of siege .
)
or borrow some money from someone and go home by bus ? ?
but in his dressing room was a large bouquet and a card that read , `` we're with you all the way '' .
read the moderately brief text , not for captions , sometimes for tart epigrams , once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas .
the secretary general must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the security council and the general assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being hobbled by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions .
the old man near the corner let the shadow pass over him , sensing something portentous in it .
the instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described .
calls for extension
the way in which the transformation of state depends on the operating variables for the main types of reactors is discussed in the next chapter .
a third situation is possible .
beer was brewed by the babylonians and egyptians more than 6 thousand years ago .
when it represents only itself and on which is its complement ( so that go on is semantically equivalent to board ) , on has stronger stress than go does .
the innocent malfeasant , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did , over the protests of the former owner -- with a square monacle .
there are many domains in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear .
so , for that matter , are the newer dances -- the `` kalmuk dance '' with its animal movements , that genial juggling act by sergei tsvetkov called `` the platter '' , the rousing and beautiful betrothal celebration called `` summer '' , `` the three shepherds '' of azerbaijan hopping up on their staffs , and , of course , the trenchant `` rock 'n' roll '' .
so in closing , fellow retired members , i advise you to make the most of each day , enjoy each one to the n'th degree .
doaty would never have left her house to a godless woman .
certainly not in orchestra hall where he has played countless recitals , and where thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the chicago symphony orchestra , playing the brahms concerto with his own slashing , demon-ridden cadenza melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist unlocks the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed .
`` you've been hiding things from me and nogol every jump we've made with you .
in the early eighteenth century this fantastic city , then the size of london , started to decline .
where should i go ? ?
he heard himself chortling .
little boys crowded together on long wooden benches , and in the center of the room sat the teacher .
though the pain was considerable michelangelo was not too concerned .
this was a bull of a man .
maybe motel-keeping isn't the nation's biggest industry , but it certainly looks that way from the highway .
research helps families
riverside and anniston players rushed out on the field .
fortunately , such cases in rhode island are more the exception than the rule .
`` can't you see i'm busy '' ? ?
''
we spoke of the need for advertising , and i agreed that the deep dive would be most useful for publicity .
just like shooting at a duck while performing a half-gainer from a diving board .
another veteran telephone operator was edith fleming blackmer , who had been in the office forty years at the time of her death in 1960 .
it just got longer and longer '' .
he said : `` if it's all right with you , mr. morgan , i'll sleep out here on the couch .
and by a skillful and unobtrusive use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` roman-camp stockade '' , the hastily erected lean-to is a `` babylonian hovel '' , the men begin to look like `` peruvian mummies '' and to acquire `` gothic faces '' ) , malraux projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time .
one , by sen. louis crump of san saba , would aid more than 17,000 retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be notarized .
if this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the creator .
the north should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ;
we collected `` lucky stones '' -- all the creamy translucent pebbles , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway .
to tilghman the incident was just one of a long list of hair-raising , smash-'em-down adventures on the side of the law which started in 1872 when he was only eighteen years old , and did not end till fifty years later when he was shot dead after warning a drunk to be quiet .
like , for example , a man carrying a twenty-two rifle , probably with a telescopic sight attached ? ?
it changes and develops according to the text ; ;
the authorities had to release him .
but time is running out , and many of stravinsky's admirers begin to fear that he will never find terra firma .
i sat down to wait , and i watched tessie alpert , who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window .
we had walked it many times and shivered , figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the french .
he glowed with anticipation about what would happen to the culprits when they caught them .
rod looked apprehensively ahead at the narrowing , precipice-walled gorge .
in it they see a way to isolate cuba , stop infiltration , maybe finish castro , too .
the best antidote for the bitterness and disappointment that poisoned him was hard work .
`` i called the station at three this morning '' , killpath's nasal voice pronounced .
`` they were wearing nothing but their scratches .
and these capitals seem in turn to be pushed back by their placing , and by contrast with the corporeality of the woodgraining .
`` never mind , thank you '' , he said .
richard peters , secretary of the board of war , thought morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel .
`` they are the best '' .
her friends and professional associates would sympathize with her , not because she had lost a beloved husband , but because she had been married to a man who thought unrealistically .
in plasma generators the superimposed forced convection may modify the picture somewhat .
it had required the approval of president franklin delano roosevelt before the john harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and despatched to the italian warfront .
i know a guy named jack hamrick , a very bright young engineer who was with chrysler , and i took him with me to allstates .
the anniston catcher screamed .
cut five pieces of af brass bar stock 3-3/4'' '' long .
he saw no life , but still stood there for a time peering at the unlovely hills , his gaze continually returning to papa-san .
sir henry sumner maine , a hundred years before communism was a force to be reckoned with , wrote his brilliant legal generalization , that `` the progress of society is from status to contract '' .
virgilia peterson , a critic by trade , has turned her critical eye pitilessly and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events .
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which adorn our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of adversity with presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the ship of state through the shoals of today's stormy international seas .
one moment there was a man in the saddle ; ;
moreover , he rejects the contemporary accounts of englishmen , casually adjudging them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of englishmen are of no great value '' .
airdrops and airstrips ; ;
who knew , angie might not last long .
or your fielding average .
but by now o'banion's political pull was beginning to be effective .
the content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a phonograph needle were stuck in one groove ; ;
stratford's petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town , with household goods , to the value of twelve thousand pounds .
there was a man's jacket on the chair and a straw hat on the table .
rachel faced me .
another woman , addressing christmas cards , said to her husband : `` we sent them one last year but they didn't send us one , so they probably won't send us one this year because they'll think we won't send them one because they didn't last year , don't you think , or shall we '' ? ?
he treats this deep-eyed , bearded , bony crackpot with tangible affection and respect .
she compared the results with tape recordings of modern singers and was not unpleased although her own tapes had a peculiar quality about them , not at all unharmonious , merely unique .
a young man appeared out of a side alley and walked toward us with quick strides .
this bold self-assertion , after decades of humble subservience , is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon , an abrupt change in the southern way of existence .
the b vitamins are well represented , especially thiamin and riboflavin .
subsidies from cta
their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin .
you do that or take you out a permit right now '' .
after a day at nikko , mrs. kodama put me on the train for kyoto .
the staminate willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both nectar and pollen ; ;
the din was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around .
there are hordes of nubile young women there who , prodded by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry .
six hundred and forty acres , the old man back in st. louis had said ; ;
`` make your confession to god , kizzie dear , not to the congregation '' .
the other women had come close now , their voices murmuring together until they stood buzzing in an angry knot , their threats mingling , rising , nagging at each other , each trying to make her indignation and anger felt .
i'm not steering you wrong .
we didn't even know them till about a month after we moved -- at that time , they had called on us , after i met fran at a pta meeting , and had taken us in hand socially .
rep. charles e. hughes of sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the taxpayers' pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' .
to start the week of special programs at the church , the rev. john d. henderson will preach on `` a successful marriage '' at 9:40 and 11 a.m. sunday .
mrs. williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of dr. jenkins's conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval .
bang-jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession .
but even on these , the palette often takes over while the shotgun cools off ! !
in the new process impurities present in the solvent ( benzene ) , the monomer , and in the reaction system which would cause deactivation of propagation centers , are rendered inactive prior to polymerization by gradual addition of initiator , a mixture of butyl-lithium and telomeric styryl-lithium , at a temperature low enough to suppress chain growth .
the man took two short steps backward then sat down heavily on the pavement .
bevel overlapping ends for splice joint , score beveled edges .
and she answered , `` i don't know , but i hope you'll never do such a thing '' .
`` well , goodbye '' , i said .
thus the unstressed it of it rarely snows here gets its significance from its use with snows : nothing can snow snow but `` it '' .
these consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas .
it is pertinent to ask the question : has the long upswing of interest rates during the past 15 years just about run its course , and are we now entering a period in which both capital market forces and federal policies will produce a prolonged decline of interest rates ? ?
`` see that kid '' ? ?
this we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment .
simple `` yes '' or `` no '' answers do not reveal the different shades of opinion that the various respondents may have .
they will also supply literature on application .
the basement or belowground shelters also will serve for tornado or hurricane protection .
thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a disabling problem .
his interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end prompts him to draw these parallels between the virgin eve and the virgin mary .
the raped valley was a pregnant womb awaiting abortion .
`` that will fetch the gang and tell the colonel where we are '' .
besides , i doubt if the cops will even try dusting .
in 1922 a continuous registration of the whole indigenous population was instituted by ordinance of the governor-general , and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered .
mr. thom had gotten wally on the phone , and fired him .
it took a piece of bad luck to show michelangelo that the boy was devoted to him .
he stopped every few minutes and leaned on his shovel as he studied the horizon , but nothing happened , each day dragging out with monotonous calm .
a few days ago , she would have thought such an expedition as this utterly ridiculous ; ;
he sucked in his breath and kept quiet while killpath laid down the sheet again , wound the gold-wire stems of his glasses around his ears and then , eying the report as it lay before him on the desk , intoned , `` acting lieutenant gunnar matson one failed to see that the station keeper was properly relieved two absented himself throughout the entire watch without checking on the station's activities or the whereabouts of his section sergeants three permitted members of the homicide detail of the inspector's bureau to arrogate for their own convenience a patrolman who was thereby prevented from carrying on his proper assignment four failed to notify the station commander acting captain o. t. killpath of a homicide occurring in the district five frequented extralegal establishments known as after-hours spots for purposes of an unofficial and purportedly social nature and six '' -- he leaned back and peeled off his glasses `` -- failed to co-operate with the acting captain by returning promptly when so ordered .
it is not much better if he meets with old classmates .
and there was ample evidence of the following sort to corroborate him .
however , it is also a christian insight to know that unless charity interpenetrates justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward .
the radical nature of the innovation in the congo was not emphasized in the official announcements .
so all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others .
this gave doc the whole range of the naval establishment , and suited him quite well .
so wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from north country school , lake placid , new york .
`` i don't know , stormy .
he set out on his 700-mile return journey with five families of discontented and disappointed swiss who turned their eyes toward the united states .
i refer to the notion that the structure of society is a microcosm of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and chastisement as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction .
soccer club .
1 to 1-1/2 grams per 100 pounds of body weight .
this essay seeks to make that exploration .
when the negroes landed at boston a month later they were , of course , no longer slaves .
mr. kennedy replied :
( j. a. laswick , n. l. heatwole )
`` we must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack ritiuality and loyalty .
thus , the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc .
i'd forgotten all about thelma and the kentucky derby and how it was thelma's fifty dollars i was spending .
a school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs .
franklin d. lee proved a man of prompt action when mrs. claire shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in bakersfield , california , several months ago as a prospective patient .
and `` bravo , garry , continue '' ! !
but she sighed and her face relaxed .
gross bristled .
one must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products .
demanded alec .
they did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by secretary of labor goldberg as politics , which the gop declared it to be .
some of former president truman's off-the-cuff discourses have been in that vein .
to james this vision never quite came , despite his appreciation of it in others .
upon administrative approval of the reclassification , he was ordered to report for induction on june 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so .
it was my initiation to war and the insane symphony war plays ; ;
such a depreciation policy would also , we believe , prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the u. s. textile and other industries , thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange .
simultaneous adjustments .
when she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged .
the suds box drain is arranged at the start to deliver into the raised main drain pipe ( thus returning suds to soap box ) and the machine is started .
it's your decision '' , said juanita , holding her face very still , trying to contain the bitterness of her voice as she enunciated her words too distinctly .
reality is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge , but a positive handicap .
she was frowning .
could we be ready in 15 minutes ? ?
no matter how many americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home .
early in her life she had discovered that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor .
volume 1 ( ( af ) of the seventh edition of dana's system of mineralogy was published in 1944 and volume 2 ( ( af ) in 1951 by john wiley & sons , inc. , new york , n. y. .
when i take over taliesin , the first thing i'll do is fire you '' .
7 .
it began invariably in low tones , almost conversational , and then gradually worked up to high , shrill appeals to god and man .
salvador saw the youth hold his against the head of stewardess lois carnegey ; ;
( cf. hempel and oppenheim , 1948 : :
the skiff was not heading for the nursery , however .
after all , alger hiss , subsequently convicted of perjury in denying that he gave secret state department documents to soviet agents , was at yalta .
morgan filled the fire box with wood again , then started supper and set the table .
the annual butchery of 40,000 american men , women and children to satiate its blood-lust is excessive ; ;
communication
there will be a stag dinner friday evening at the denver country club which will precede the opening of the 1961 golf season .
camp meals are no great problem .
o'connor and eckenfelder discussed the use of aerated lagoons for treating organic wastes .
the ideal home , they agreed , would be a small private house or a city apartment of four to five rooms , just enough for a family consisting of husband , wife , and two children .
the doctor , since scotty was no longer allowed to make his regular trips into town to see him , came often and informally to the house .
sometimes they get their initial experience in church haflis , conducted by lebanese and syrians in the u.s. , where they dance with just as few veils across their bodies as in nightclubs .
the administration's official budget review , which estimates a 6.9 billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy .
our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument .
but general grant may have been self-victimized .
thereafter the audience waxed applause-happy , but discriminating operagoers reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her musicianship some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable stylization .
and the converse at bottoms .
folklore , as used by such writers , really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it .
what sam rayburn's life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can devotedly and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own state , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time .
they appeared to be the enemy .
`` these actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's wards from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from unmeritorious criticisms '' , the jury said .
only blue throat and his gang stayed where they were .
the appointment of u thant of burma as the u.n.'s acting secretary general -- at this writing , the choice appears to be certain -- offers further proof that in politics it is more important to have no influential enemies than to have influential friends .
just because cheddi jagan , new boss of british guiana , was educated in the united states is no reason to think he isn't a red .
already , at least one hotel has been quietly taking reservations on a nonracial basis .
if within one year you can make a success out of the american , you can practically name your own salary thereafter .
cutting short a holiday at hong kong , the aircraft carriers lexington and bennington steamed off into the south china sea , accompanied by a swarm of destroyers , plus troopships loaded with marines .
and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion .
the machine quack makes his rube goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals , wires , and radio parts .
number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots .
it is also seen that af , since the change from af to af is accomplished by a continuous translation .
between the unsafe towne field and the long roundabout back road haul that was necessary to gain access to wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory .
not that empty peace the world offers , but a deep , abiding peace which nothing can destroy .
the head of monsieur m. ,
nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university campuses .
`` shucks , gran '' , they said almost in unison .
other synonyms could of course serve the same function , and for the sake of ease i shall speak of kennings and epithets in the widest and loosest possible sense , and name , for example , gar-dene a kenning for the danes .
the 1960 tax book for east greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars .
as a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others .
it was absurd .
his bold fiscal program and his broad interpretation of the constitution stand as durable contributions .
john heffernan , playing larry larkin , the cartoonist , carries the show in marvelous fashion .
out of saxony rode the prince of anhalt-bernburg , one of the czarina's cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies , a frank , sensitive , popular soldier whose kindnesses littlepage would `` always recall with the sincerest gratitude '' .
once the grains are ground , vitamin e begins to deteriorate immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week .
this leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' .
there is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of iodination , for in certain transplantable tumours of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in ultracentrifuge experiments ( wolff , robbins and rall , 1959 ) .
she had black eyes , long and intriguingly tilted , and the way she walked was melody .
supplemental outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a noticeably deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group .
he killed accurately , freely , and dispassionately .
he spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without oratorical flourishes .
about 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the dallas plant by more than 200 employes .
in 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the organization for european economic cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of american aid under the marshall plan .
this and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking .
the workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the library and fine arts building .
miss ada had giggled , and she went sweeping and rustling to the couch and sank down .
boundary maintenance
''
and that's worse than sad .
at the height of the first snowstorm we had , it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an emergency .
in these terms , the `` economic withdrawal '' of the negroes of nashville , tennessee , from trading in the center city , for example , was clearly justified , since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out .
as a means of silencing a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions .
when his vision cleared he saw the taller one scrambling upward , reaching .
`` bobbie will take the job as his just reward and work hard at it ; ;
ready to follow her impulse .
a rich nation can for a time , without noticeable damage to itself , pursue a course of self-indulgence , making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens -- thus repudiating its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations .
it was simply a matter of curiosity , a natural right to examine .
his eyes widened .
inland , outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over colorado river sandbars and lake mead .
we must realize with prof. charles morris in his the open self that `` man is the being that can continually remake himself , the artisan that is himself the material for his own creation '' .
( this made a sportswriter named pegler wonder in print if art had worn this armament when he defeated his manager .
nevertheless , nationalism and sovereignty are reputed , in the accepted wisdom , to describe the modern world .
thayer shook his head .
it weighs in the tons , so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year .
at 6 o'clock on the morning of august 12 , they were in doubt no longer .
he began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of aj .
plunking themselves down on the front bench , they turned to smirk at those around them .
`` i've heard about it '' , samuel burns said .
brakes shrieked behind us .
for some time this writer has been suggesting a junior judging class for intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are ineligible to compete in the junior class .
some of the choicest remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in disparagement of unpopular officers .
`` why '' , he replied , `` it is perfectly simple ; ;
at first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not america founded by rugged individualists who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? ?
goulding's platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack .
the devil himself .
social process is always anchored in past predisposition ; ;
but he is a west point graduate and therefore must be born to command '' .
goddammit .
they filed out through the guard-room door , into the paved square .
she wouldn't run like a scared cat .
this system was dependent upon identical maps and thomas supplied them from a mobile lithograph press .
industry costs
`` where the boys are '' also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy .
it is equipped with an automatic threading device to reduce waste and handling time .
the emotional states produced by drugs influence the cortical potentials in a characteristic manner ; ;
`` you bought it '' ? ?
alex returned to the hotel , rather weary and with no new prospects of a role , in the late afternoon , but found the doctor in an ebullient mood .
jess turned .
in sum , i look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961 , with total sales increasing about 7% to $10.8 billion , despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally .
this year several entries from canada were entered which made the junior class international .
another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours , tie it on the wart , and wear it for a week .
these maladjustments in turn inhibit learning , and a vicious cycle is completed .
on their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains , the children carry whole grains to munch along the trail .
if joe doesn't show up , we'll all be back here at 0600 hours .
they hire a good deal of local labor , including two members of our trustee board .
you see what i mean .
after their supper , the evening turned into a regular `` hoe-down '' .
perhaps it should have .
`` i know him .
this is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able -- or ever , probably , will be able -- to determine :
then he was asking himself the usual early morning questions : what the hell am i doin here ? ?
therefore , what we must prove or disprove is that there were saxons , in the broad sense in which we must construe the word , in the area of the saxon shore at the time it was called the saxon shore .
leadership was experienced and skillful , and financial resources were significant .
you may do as you please with god now .
the publication form is that of loose-leaf sheets ( af ) contained in binders .
by this time , as we shall see , the tories were already planning to `` punish '' steele for his political writing by expelling him from the house of commons .
in the latter research program , information is available for 2,758 cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for 1,571 students surveyed in 1952 .
wild kicks never are , but i hoped to dig up a better frame of mind .
the physical property values include hardness , melting point , and specific gravity .
during his five-month visit abroad , jorda recently conducted the orchestre philharmonique de bordeau in france , and the santa cecilia orchestra in rome .
the fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear i have tried to describe .
they'll probably attack at dawn '' , montero said .
`` better make up your mind , son '' , sabella said .
we were less than a quarter of a mile from the road , and we could trace its shape from the ribbon of powder smoke and dust that hung over it .
westbrook further bemoans the southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting yankees : `` our northerner is suspicious of all this crass evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses .
i dressed in the kitchen , then left a note on the table telling him what had happened .
because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the secretary of commerce with maintenance provided by the states and counties , this development program for the national forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed .
for better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being .
i'm not leaving in the morning .
there it sits , a small highland , with towns like gloucester near by ; ;
when the neon sign flashed on , the shadow was still there .
when the half moon put in at dartmouth , england , in the fall of 1609 , word of hudson's findings leaked out , and english interest in him revived .
`` we think the governor treated us rather shabbily , to say the least of it .
it was hit by a shell fired by the bombarding venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to smithereens .
1 .
and also to change telephones .
during the brief mexican venture fosdick's report to the secretary recommended a definite stand by the war department against the saloon and the excesses of prostitution .
figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial .
and i suppose it did .
see page 24 for a complete report on it .
`` this is russian money '' , said mervin griffith-jones for the attorney general's office .
this girl soon drops the bourgeois pyschiatrist who disapproves of her life .
one wrote : `` ( i am so hungry ) i could eat a rider off his horse & snap at the stirups '' .
for outdoor signs and displays , acrylic , with its outstanding optical characteristics , weather resistance and formability , strongly dominates the picture .
the value of place-names in the reconstruction of early english history had long been recognized .
as early as 1776 , adam smith wrote in the wealth of nations : `` we have no acts of parliament against combining to lower the price of work ; ;
individual differences in kohnstamm reactivity to controlled kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in the study .
in the hall , after adjournment , dr. frothingham took him warmly by the hand and requested parker to visit him -- whereupon our burly theodore again burst into tears .
cappy raged at himself .
the same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` culture-protestantism '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the american churches .
for the maintenance of a long-term program , the departments , and particularly their chairmen , are strategic .
they also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food .
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers .
this restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in sweden .
the angels in turn would exercise similar restraints in respect for the natural preferences and natures of the earthmen -- but they had no faintest notion of man's perverse habit of passing and enforcing laws which were contrary to his own preferences and violations of his nature .
it is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than pretexts for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies .
they both possess near classic stances , dug in firmly , arms high , set for fierce swings .
the bands were impatient , but they were the only ones .
there is an enchanting polonaise ; ;
well , one did not expect much of people like herold .
each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as : shall we require a liberal education built around a humanities core for all undergraduates ? ?
hub , you stick by the stage door .
preparation for church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received .
the audience , as usual , loved it .
scarcity of paper caused many southerners to adopt the practice of cross-writing , i.e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written .
`` that's all right '' , she said , tossing her head back to get the hair out of her eyes .
whoever his companion was going to be , she was going to join him later .
they attributed everything that went wrong in russia to german influence and intrigue .
true ! !
`` we had concluded that no race as ephemeral as yours could have had time to develop a sense of justice .
and the common man was developing mythic power , or charisma , on his own .
though there has been some avant garde indication that contemporary furniture might go back to the boxy look of the '20's and '40's , two manufacturers chose to take the approach of the sophisticated , but warm look in contemporary .
-- to increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement .
he was merely clearing a way to what he had to do .
one of nikita khrushchev's most enthusiastic eulogizers , the u.s.s.r.'s daily izvestia , enterprisingly interviewed red-prone comedian charlie chaplin at his swiss villa , where he has been in self-exile since 1952 .
the narrator is an alsatian serving with the french army , and he has the same name ( berger ) that malraux himself was later to use in the resistance ; ;
and she was deeply thankful that she could see her now , out there in the midst of a gay , youthful circle , skipping and singing , `` farmer in the dell , farmer in the dell , heigh-ho the dairy-oh , the farmer in the dell '' .
interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from the chase manhattan bank .
one day he assigned me to lay bare a `` plot '' by the duponts to supply munitions to a wholly fictitious revolution he said was about to occur in cuba .
`` leave me alone '' , leona said .
the litigation was costly and seemingly endless .
this brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general .
the mean-square end-to-end distance of the polyisobutylene chain has been calculated in reasonable agreement with values deduced from viscosity data .
somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point .
`` now how in hell would i remember that '' ? ?
joan zurcher of hillsboro , phyllis jossy of north plains , jane cox of north plains .
all that is born of god overcomes the world ; ;
it was most effective against trade unions .
perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease .
in the area of `` community health services '' , the president called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction .
consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in protestant congregations ; ;
typical touch : she sold a $10,000 morning light mink to sportsman freddie wacker for his frau , jana mason , also an ex-singer .
they finished the small bottle of steinhager .
several of the movements were given a marked impetus by revivalism .
hague , like all who worked near the pits , was partly deafened from the constant assault against his eardrums .
we may further grant to those of her ( poetry's ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to states and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ;
after a while there come initials and names , and he is interested to hear some rather unusual family nicknames .
it has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over birth-prevention regulations in municipal hospitals and health and family-welfare agencies .
then , with disappointment evident upon their faces , they moved to the work .
the improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold .
she is a regular stub and twister , double geered .
marshall asked .
`` we've got father and mother and each other '' said beth on the first page of louisa alcott's little women ; ;
after a while she said with sort of an unuttered laugh , `` you have snow in your hair and ears '' .
eugene told him and he promptly forgot .
but it is an answer which opens the door wide to an onrush of objections and denials .
this sort of manipulation is especially troublesome in fromm's work because , although his system is derived largely from certain philosophic convictions , he asserts that it is based on empirical findings drawn both from social science and from his own consulting room .
as a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility .
the illustration ( fig. 11 ) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and mounded over .
she was so beautiful with her rosy mouth and haughty air that she had to be wicked .
this would be reduced by multiplying 8 times 6 and then dividing the product by 12 .
state sen. dick richards will keynote ; ;
he had been , he wrote mencken at once , `` in the country '' , a euphemism for an experience that had not greatly changed him .
sensibility is a vague word , covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent , quality , or skill .
`` .
he had written to me about a dinner he had had with the benedictine monks at st. anselm's priory in washington .
the national park service hopes by 1966 to have 30,000 campsites available for 100,000 campers a day -- almost twice what there are at present .
they look after their fields and children and water buffaloes in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls .
now , looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals , calculated risks and i.b.m. machines .
`` i'm sure she'd turn it over to you , if you'd rather .
but at least the question has been raised .
of the japanese private he says : `` he fought and marched till he died .
bellman ( 1957 ) has annunciated in the following terms :
the lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and adulthood .
it's big business
we unanimously agreed that prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of twentieth-century composers .
from the standpoint of the army of duffers , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since ben hogan fell upon evil ways during his heyday and scored an 11 in the texas open .
an underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to $1,500 , depending on the type of entrance .
john the baptist used total immersion in the river jordan for believers ; ;
personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual .
it was not to be resumed .
''
adjustment of tax collection year .
9 .
arlene became indispensable ; ;
the blacked-in blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move .
`` no-o-o .
as always , a tape recording or detailed notes are made , and a typescript of this is sent to the absent sitter .
3 .
the observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region .
in the middle ages , in the renaissance , right up to the early nineteenth century , the painter was a giant in the world .
this view is based upon several basic economic forces which i believe will be operating in the sixties , as follows : ( 1 )
it was two feet long .
some democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce state controller arthur levitt of brooklyn to oppose mr. wagner for the mayoral nomination in the sept. 7 democratic primary .
lucy's correspondence with brother winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies .
`` mmm '' .
it is an over-all impression mr. sansom strives for , an impression compounded of visual details , of a savory mixture of smells , of much loving attention to architecture and scenery , of lights and shadows , of intangibles of atmosphere and of echoes of the past .
poor where they had once been rich , humbled where they had been arrogant , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country .
perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field -- changeable signs .
the anode potential codetermines the gain , g , and magnification , m , of the stage .
washington , feb. 9
mama said that if presidents were supposed to be colorful , mr. coolidge certainly made a good president .
then throneberry rapped into a fast double play .
preparation of a second edition is in progress under the sponsorship of the crystal data committee of the american crystallographic association .
if you'd get out of your back yard once in a while you might even get her your ownself '' .
nor , when we recollect how sensitive were the emotions of the old puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as parker snarled at them thus : `` talk about the catholics voting as the bishop tells ! !
he asked , between wheezes of laughter .
`` at this stage of the game anything could be possible .
it wasn't long before i sensed that there was something deeper than overvaulting ambition back of his desire for viola's destruction .
several samples of citrated plasma were fractionated in our laboratory by method 6 of cohn et al .
353 u. s. , at 605 .
airless and dingy though it was , the attic represented luxury to a slave who had led a wretched life with six brothers and sisters and assorted relatives in a shanty at bayou st. john .
most of the information elicited in jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous war crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and survivors' accounts .
it pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters , and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used .
he had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm .
possibly responsible for this is the incoming trend toward multicolor schemes in rooms , which seems slated to replace the one-color look to which we have been accustomed .
3 .
`` i've been here for some time '' .
in effect , he was practicing what he preached in his berlin message two weeks ago when he declared : `` we shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk , and listen , with reason '' .
strings keep souls in place
when marsh called to his aide and the pair rode off down the river road where the gentians burned blue , juanita was shaken and trying not to cry .
my father , who liked alfred very much , was a constant visitor .
such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted .
however , the proposed correlation of the many interrelated properties of crystals will reveal discrepancies in the recorded data and suggest areas for reinvestigation .
at dinner , lunch , or breakfast , the president would call out , `` supper '' ! !
in the forthcoming the conquering hero and carnival , broadway is not even adapting books , but reconverting old movies ( hail the conquering hero and lili ) .
`` use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind .
they discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of catholic students and 15 per cent of the protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the jewish students had this conviction .
your competition is now proportionately greater -- you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products .
as a free-lance investigator , the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client .
`` our church is sponsoring a group of very courageous women up in alaska .
waddell said .
pualani and randy avon , dave searles , george ( papa ) gill , al bandish , jim morgart , bob neil at the mouse trap .
we can no longer rely on interdepartmental machinery `` somewhere upstairs '' to resolve differences between this and other departments .
`` i can't find it in the glove compartment '' .
`` haven't the faintest , captain '' .
reflex ? ?
the peddler came bawling his wares and told them of the convention in wheeling , which had formed a new state government by declaring the government at richmond in the east illegal because they were traitors .
on the train alec refreshed his memory of the beauclerk case by reading teletype flimsies -- spot-news stories about the crime sent out by the pearson city star , a member of the syndicate press .
in fact , over the years , the american farmer's capacity to over-produce has cost the taxpayers a large dollar .
`` i would like to enact a little tableau this afternoon '' , rector said , he explained about the visit and the effect he wished to create , the picture of a very busy mission .
seeds are the essential raw materials for milling grain , baking , crushing oilseed , refining edible oil , brewing , distilling , and mixing feed .
for what had happened on the common was only terror and flight ; ;
if desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple .
no description of the client or his cultural level , no assertion of geographical area or local social necessities -- simply `` a luxury apartment '' .
wagner said the city paid only $37,500 to the hughes company .
poor ol slater .
the doctor wanted him in a hospital ; ;
`` splendid .
a band viscometer is shown in figure 2 .
someone's walking past , you want to stop him , zoooop , snag him around the neck with the crook in your cane .
near galway the tinkers drove their caravans down to the beach and sang and drank and fought all night .
they are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile .
a shot caught him and straightened him up in screaming pain ; ;
in fact , he did not think about jerry burton at all until he entered his living room and closed the door behind him .
yes , they had let some reporters use their phone , but they would no longer .
i knew she was lying .
the data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations .
this chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the salisbury end .
they'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the 35-foot mark .
this is not contemporary english .
after every session , the check marks were totaled up and graphed , and in this way the supervisor's progress was charted .
( c ) tapping the energies of the entire population .
has moss no stirling virtues ? ?
their singing was well-balanced , clear and , within obvious limitations , extremely pleasing .
she munched little ginger cakes called mulatto's belly and kept her green , somewhat hypnotic eyes fixed on a light-colored male who was prancing wildly with a 5-foot king snake wrapped around his bronze neck .
the demand for the industry's product
at the time i was filled with self-pity at this separation , but in the years since i have come to understand that the sight of me was painful to them after that outcry .
what made him think john had a right to witness his brother's humiliation ? ?
i have just returned from a seven-week trip to europe and the far east .
but then , after the little operetta had been given its feeble amateur rendering , everyone insisted that it was too good to be lost forever , and that the royal academy of music must now have the manuscript in order to give it the really first-rate performance it merited .
his proposal is opposed to that of richard nixon , governor rockefeller , past chairmen strauss and mccone of the atomic energy commission , dr. edward teller and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the exacerbation of the cold war .
since the load l , under actual cutting conditions is caused by af , it can be seen that af
the existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled .
the activities of fractions of sera containing rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect coombs techniques .
a number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural portal of entry .
there was no one who would blame her or john ; ;
measurements for rectangular pattern piece a are obtained by measuring inside circumference and depth of butter mold bowl .
in the presidential box someone leaned over the balustrade and yelled : `` he has shot the president '' ! !
they've occupied a 22-acre site since the early 1900's .
the trouble is , theresa thought , that while everything that happens there is supposed to matter supremely , nothing here is supposed even to exist .
place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat , clay and mold in one action .
the questionnaires were mailed in seattle , washington , and sent by regular mail to addresses in the states of idaho , montana , oregon , and washington .
behind them shambled a long column of weak , tattered men .
perhaps the very important question -- what is , then , exactly the role of kinesthetic sensations in the patient's ability to recognize forms and shapes by means of the tracing movements when he is actually looking at things ? ?
the painting `` a fresco '' stood up superbly ; ;
she also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of lauro di bosis .
he shook loose straw out of the action , and placed the gun in his holster .
fig. 1 is a simplified block diagram of the ultraviolet microscopy system developed at the medical electronics center of rockefeller institute .
leading his pony , he hurried that way , not remounting till he was well below the level of the surrounding range .
these are substantially the same factors considered by non-catholics in family planning .
there was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of russian leaders to alienate honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out .
`` before you try anything '' , he said .
he saw the sign above the door of the hut : home sweet home .
a crowd of 1,400 is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will lampoon baseball personalities in skit , dance and song .
no one , he wrote , took any corn of greville's , for his bailiff of husbandry `` swore a greate oathe thatt who soe came to put hys hande into hys sackes for anye corne shuld leave hys hande behynde hym '' .
the eisenhower budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received .
the thyroid-stimulating hormone
i couldn't make out what his racket was .
no detectable reaction was found at room temperature for reaction mixtures allowed to stand up to 5 hours .
if i'd been careful it never woulda '' -- he stopped abruptly .
research and development
after the sad impatient moment , waiting for comfort which could not come , she slipped out of bed and went to the open window .
it was a nice day , granted .
in brief , berman played himself and not bolger .
`` well , i get it '' , artie said , still on the ladder .
modern warfare was born in this campaign -- periscopes , camouflage , booby traps , land mines , extended order , trench raids , foxholes , armored cars , night attacks , flares , sharpshooters in trees , interlaced vines and treetops , which were the forerunners of barbed wire , trip wires to thwart a cavalry charge , which presaged the mine trap , and the general use of anesthetics .
having hit one of the trees , the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out .
kansas city , mo. ; ;
mrs. meeker hadn't struck him as ready to seek anyone's advice , least of all garth's .
he drew back his arm to slash the gunbarrel across jess's face , but didn't finish the motion .
he thought a moment , then inquired , `` you mean petted '' ? ?
i couldn't invite viola to our house , for mother snobbishly refused to receive her .
we cannot test public opinion until the president and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action .
i was watching for numbers .
put the 12 tappets and some af locking bar spacers in the frame to help align all the components before you tighten the screws .
the integrity of the office not merely requires that the secretary general shall be , as the charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the organization '' .
in answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the cominform are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of communism's war against the west does not depend on such spectacular and definitive conquests .
the highest position is known as a ' research scientist .
in many communities there is simply no financial problem ; ;
when dr. w. a. swim celebrated his 75th birthday at the wilshire country club , guests came by chartered plane from all over the country .
the woman ( she must have been a tiny baby when hetty and delia had stood arm in arm , watching great age grow small ) answered the nod with her own .
also , the state with the largest number of negroes is new york -- not in the south at all .
why do we not realize that no ideology believes so much in itself as it disbelieves in something else ? ?
she rubbed her eyes and stretched , then sat up , her hands going to her hair .
it was dolly and mrs. thaxter who were calling via , everybody .
he showed puny men attacked by splendidly tyrannical machines .
by the second day michelangelo began to worry ; ;
indeed , a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the arabian sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of geologists and archaeologists in the biblical story of the flood .
the overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place .
6 .
keep the desserts simple ; ;
responsibility for the faget appointment rests with gen. j. m. swing , an eisenhower appointee as head of the immigration service .
as long as the bar prefers to adduce evidence by written deposition , rather than viva voce before an authoritative judicial officer , i fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged , and expensive prolixity remain the best known characteristic of equity '' .
`` we intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year '' , the identically worded letters said .
for the year to date , sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still lag about 5% behind 1960 .
the trade bodies which came in the wake of the a.l.a.m. were more representative , for they never adopted a policy of exclusion .
i knew then , knew with a heart-stopping shock .
`` i haven't had any luck since i was a baby '' .
there is currently a major controversy of public education in which group interests and values are heavily engaged .
but hoag had not stayed on the front steps when griffith disappeared into the building .
maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in tokyo , captain chandler still with them .
( 2 ) ''
`` where to , sir '' ? ?
he says : ``
on top of everything else they were two months behind on their apartment rent , and the day wally received written notice that he was fired , they were evicted .
to find a place for them in their theory of knowledge would require them to revise the theory radically , and yet that theory was what they regarded as their most important discovery .
registrations of new cars in dallas county cracked the 3,000 mark in march for the first time this year .
unstained sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with ns or af did not show such green fluorescence .
the number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented .
joyce went on , `` when we'd finished , lou -- mr. thor -- asked me to stay a little longer .
numerical aperture ( n.a. ) ; ;
annapolis , jan. 7 ( special )
solemnly he walked me back to alfred's house without a word passing between us .
the baby can have an early nap .
other provisions of the act empower the secretary to adopt regulations necessary to carry out its provisions , and he has done so .
we have aligned ourselves with that `` liberal '' tradition in protestant christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of schleiermacher , ritschl , herrmann , harnack , and troeltsch , and more recently , schweitzer and the early barth and , in part at least , bultmann .
even though headquarters actually have been moved into the chatham building , do they believe that they can make the new name stick ? ?
how infuriating all this was ! !
home entertainment sales up
there was no reply so he shoved it open with his foot and stepped inside .
and when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and papa did .
first of all , and this has been calculated by observation , the universe is expanding -- that is , the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds .
now we peered anxiously for any speck of land in the pacific , for this interminable bailing would have to stop soon .
stanbury , brownell , riggs , perinetti , itoiz , and del castillo , 1954 ) .
they greeted the news angrily , as though they had been cheated of purpose .
a cave seemed to be opening in quint's stomach .
each year millions of pounds of anise , caraway , mustard , celery , and coriander and the oils extracted from them are imported .
) by the time the streetcar pulled away , he had fallen in love with paula .
now ! !
as a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony .
this gun has a 12-1/2-inch stock and is available in either 20 or gauge .
the orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow scrapes , valve clicks , and other noises incidental to playing .
( 1 )
prosperity is a worthy objective ; ;
he felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm , as a criterion , is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think .
i wanted to wipe my flint , but i didn't dare to , the state my hands were in , just as i didn't dare to do anything about the priming .
nor could he blame them .
more importantly , he also happens to be the brother-in-law of sam rayburn , speaker of the house .
the extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them .
and it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an invigoration of our faith .
the day-watch platoon commander , lt. rinker , was calling out the beat assignments , but matson couldn't make the names mean anything .
but he cannot order his elements by will , either rational or inspired .
the photograph , figure 1 of the completed frieze , shows how , having been separated from his fellows in useless isolation for eighty years , he has now been given a hand , and by juxtaposition ( and the permission of the committee ) , given a new job , to represent the witnesses of the first flight at kitty hawk in 1903 .
he was looking dangerous now .
the question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity .
`` it looks like we did , when we made blastdown '' .
it seems that the aerated lagoon was a very heavily loaded oxidation pond or a lightly loaded activated sludge system .
a 60 mm. mortar and a 57 mm. recoilless rifle owned by lauchli were brought along .
`` she'd better step on it .
and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove .
the potters , in particular , had virtually eschewed freehand drawing , elaborate motifs , and the curving lines of nature , while yet expressing a belief that there was order in the universe .
and general the count pallavicini , founder of the austrian branch of that celebrated italian house , a courtier littlepage could have met at madrid in december , 1780 .
it's not the kind of thing that a man would be proud of .
they germinate quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along lustily .
on the way he stopped at the desk to receive his mail .
in this manner , every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws .
i think it is rather foolhardy to trust to luck '' .
whenever some washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war clique in the pentagon and in bonn .
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer , 0.50 m in both af and tris , ph 4.1 .
her legs hung down long and thin as she sat on the high stool .
i fled , however , not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my bridegroom -- in the sense you meant the word `` things '' -- which you had been galvanizing yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which i had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite , i may now say , the unspeakable awkwardness of making the discovery on principle , yes , on principle , and in cold blood ) because i was resolved , as a modern woman , not to be a mollycoddle waiting for life but to seize life by the throat .
almost immediately she was ashamed of herself for feeling vain , at such a time , in such a place , and she tossed back her long yellow hair , smiling shyly as she entered the room .
boatmen lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round anchorage for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat .
she glanced at her companion fondly .
washing --
it doesn't really matter which month of the year you sow them , but they germinate best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours .
no doubt it had to do with the log .
argiento had been trained so rigorously by the jesuits that michelangelo was unable to change his habits : up before dawn to scrub the floors , whether they were dirty or not ; ;
the importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any numerological considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it .
backstitch seam .
the job also covers a number of other items .
this confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution : the craving for sensation for its own sake , the need for change , for new experiences .
of course , it can be argued that an ability to write english correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill .
they are molded of a special weather-resistant formulation of tenite butyrate .
tulips with `` petals wide and shaggy as a spaniel's ears '' ; ;
-- goddamn you ! !
the earth was a little heavy and i had to stop once and clean the plowshares because they were not scouring properly , and i did not look back towards the place until i had turned the corner and was plowing across the upper line of the large field , a long way from where i had stopped because of the snake .
industrial conferences
i liked her , and all at once i was glad she was there .
the bitter memory of russia's exclusion from the paris peace conference and of the west's effort to stamp out bolshevism at its birth boiled up within him .
suddenly she was very mysterious and dramatic .
former vice-president richard m. nixon in detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the soviet union .
he has henri do from four to six sets of the incline bench press ( note the high incline ) .
and in short order the croupier had pushed several million francs her way .
an inch lower and it would have knocked him out .
there is evidence , though less convincing than for af , that the af bond in nickel dimethylglyoxime is symmetric .
as it is written , there is not one just man ; ;
you had to have convictions to lie down in the road in all those clothes and appear as though you might wish to turn yourself out of your own home .
yet dartmouth still is the dominant member of the intercollegiate ski union , which includes the winter sports colleges of canada as well as those of this country .
the sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies .
`` take your cobbler's shop somewhere else .
oersted returned in 1814 and resumed an active part in university and political discussions .
said she , `` i'm strong , too .
the master of the house , his nourished face unrevealing , consented to postpone his departure a few minutes to talk to the detective .
but on further investigation , the thing proved to be a sweater , of the long-hair variety that sheds onto men's jackets -- pale , pale pink and , according to the label , size thirty-four .
as a matter of fact , fogg and his plane didn't get beyond pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil leak forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his wry-faced backers .
after mr. jack drove away , winston went on looking out the window .
the local `` family of god '' has failed its new members through neglect and unconcern for their spiritual welfare .
it's perhaps a mile from here where we sit .
the savings are not as great , however , as is sometime supposed .
there is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values .
years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard .
here was a cause she believed in .
we were off the road , gleaming barbed wire pulling taut .
each information cell in the chain contains the address of the y-cell where the form to which it is assigned is stored .
be friends with your mother-in-law .
he just can't do anything about it at all ! !
during the trial he told off the jury , called them `` just asses '' and called a freeman `` a saucy boy and jack-an-apes '' .
cady felt the jolt as though he had stepped off the curb on his heel .
you could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small .
you know i don't want to see pedersen .
the result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment .
nor was she moved by a letter from wright pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless lawyer's bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide miriam with a suitable home either in los angeles or paris , as she preferred .
goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the accomodations in some hotels .
finally , if the mission of the trial was to convict anti-semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting fates of the countries in which the final solution was aided by native jew-haters -- i.e. , germany , poland , hungary , czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- denmark , holland , italy , bulgaria , france ? ?
despite giffen's warning , palfrey still had plans for freeing his slaves in louisiana .
that is , af , etc. .
however , af adsorbs water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss .
phil sighed .
debate on the all-important foreign-aid bill , with its controversial long-range proposals , had just begun on the senate floor at the weekend .
the uses of power
introduction
to the extent , then , that declining u.s. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their bets on an ultimate american defeat , and will thus be more vulnerable to soviet intimidation , there is reason for concern .
gorton said they were preparing to deport her as a vagabond , and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days , returning at night .
by the very nature of the situation , it is the union which has been able to select the time and place to bring pressure upon management .
the forest had become an alien world where she strove , alone , unprotected , unguided , to deal with whatever hindrances were offered .
interesting evidence can be found in the results of the chamber of commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections .
to grasp our new view of the atom , we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is .
peanuts are the world's second most important legume .
stacy replied that it would bankrupt forbes , who had just sunk all his money in a real estate venture .
last night the mayor visited mr. buckley at the bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation .
i knew of but one test and i threw it out to her for what it was worth .
the answer is , of course , yes .
it was true .
the great spire shone as if the lightning had polished it .
he had brought it along to continue during the voyage .
there is the free intra-city `` rent it here , leave it there '' service , as an example , the free delivery and collection at the airport , dockside or your hotel , luggage racks , touring documents and information and other similar services .
many hours of spring cleaning will be saved , however , if you remove the main drain grate when you close the pool season in the fall .
the reasons for this enchantment are numerous , but most of them end in `` ova '' , `` eva '' , or `` aya '' .
to generalize for the entire nation would be absurd .
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep .
then , after overtures to accept a settlement and go through with a divorce , miriam gave a ghastly echo of mrs. micawber by suddenly stating , `` i will never leave mr. wright '' .
now pathet lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil american intervention .
we saw similar displays in the other three campgrounds in this 70-mile-long national seashore recreation area .
poor john was the kind of stock that keeps a bargain without whimpering and maybe bends over backward to keep a bad one .
twice a week he drove his tallyho over the santa cruz road , upland and through the redwood forest , with orchards below him at one hand , and glimpses of the pacific at the other .
he suggests that gore court embodies all the glories of tudor splendor .
they cursed him .
the fact that aia lists might not have been selected on a random basis .
it is a simple matter , for one so disposed , to take a work like the sane society and shred it into odds and ends .
`` yeah '' , mose murmured , `` yeah .
men spit on him .
in the kitchenette the raw whiskey made him gasp .
he straightened himself , soldierly against the wall , and pulled his sprawled feet together so they stood side by side in their old boots .
you've done me the greatest possible service .
mr. balaguer is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring .
it is these other differences between north and south -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which i chiefly discuss herein .
fritzie was on the couch reading ; ;
they seemed happy at the delay in unloading , glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as bari .
but to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of god ; ;
sometimes in these experiments `` appointment sittings '' are used .
this may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through diversification and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity .
or the victim could chew hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears .
it would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method .
happened to hear you quarrel about her ! !
the adolescent also faces the identity crisis that erikson has termed ideological polarization vs. diffusion of ideals .
mr. kennan takes careful account of every mitigating circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken .
fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable '' pension plan for city employes .
the anchorite strove , in fact , to magically influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power .
this might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the trims to exert pressure on the legislature , so it would be more receptive to a tax proposal later in the year .
when thus deposited , keys says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial blockages that culminate in heart attacks .
he was a big thick beefy violent man .
the things a man will do for a woman .
gorton appeared for her , however , and what he told the magistrates must have been plenty , for he was charged with deluding the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days .
the effluent was collected through two pipes and discharged to the blue river through a surface drainage ditch .
still , the network's willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended , and future essays happily anticipated .
faced , on the one hand , with an always exhaustible supply of his best wines , and on the other by a clientele usually equipped with inexhaustible pocketbooks , it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic ambivalence .
nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the busses are jammed , and by nine-thirty the restaurants are beginning to fill .
business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by hemphill and district attorney james c. crumlish , jr. .
the progress reported by the advisory committee is real .
the radio stations did run `` transcripts '' ( i thought ) during the evening hours .
hillsboro ( special )
do you yearn to make cakes and pies , or special cookies and candies ? ?
the efficiency with which animals convert grains and forages to meat has risen steadily in the united states since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a byproduct when seeds are processed for oil .
you may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one .
to the extent that the problem is merely parking , an aggressive downtown management , like that of lazarus brothers in columbus , ohio , can fight back successfully by building a garage on the lot next door .
the kitchen was jammed .
the conductor said to ritchie : `` i don't think you want to talk to him .
as an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed .
somebody in this town must still have some backbone '' .
in addition to its major effort on fuel cells , patterson moos research division is continuing to carry on research in other fields , both under contract for the defense department , other government agencies and for our own account .
as a result , he was persuaded out to dinner .
but she didn't sound real alarmed you know , like there was any immediate danger .
the judge replaced the juror with an alternate .
is this a nut-house ? ?
she wanted to be with him , to give him the comfort and companionship she knew he needed .
the guy is off his rocker , haney thought to himself , and looked away from those eyes .
they include both individual fears and collective ones .
to hold them was an essential part of french policy , for they controlled the upper termini of the routes from the north to mobile .
in short , the book , based largely on lectures delivered at harvard university , is both reliable and readable ; ;
`` fella '' , ernie waggled a dirty finger at the younger man , `` you try my ever-lovin' patience '' .
i am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed .
matsuo took the small knife from its scabbard and laid it on the ground , out of the marine's reach and away from their shadows .
.
many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum , especially in the various engineering fields , with few electives till the senior year .
this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part .
the voice is light in timbre , with a rough edge that corresponds to his visage .
he fought like a fiend for the helpless and oppressed , worked for the abolition of slavery , helped the quakers and indians , and worked against the prosecution of witches .
once the scene is set , trevelyan skilfully builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of marlborough and eugene of savoy at blenheim .
often one floodlight high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense .
`` if it gave me pleasure to say hard things '' , he wrote , `` i would shut up forever '' .
additive should not be fed 72 hours before animals are slaughtered .
for a number of years , there have been sporadic attempts in california to organize farm workers .
i do not want to quibble about typicality ; ;
pete smiled modestly .
we're ruined and he's going to get out if i have to throw him down the stairs '' --
explicit expressions ( integral averages ) are given in the literature .
but he felt that the selden case was being unfairly pilloried .
col. henri garvier was one of new orleans' most important and enlightened slave owners .
in stating this position , we should like to make it clear to you that we cannot expect artists and intellectuals in other lands to share our opinion in every respect .
`` alors , you may go no farther '' , he said imperiously .
some brilliant rookies nailed them down , so that this spring just two spots , left and right field , are really up for grabs .
his legs were narrow and very long .
after a nuclear blast , one bureaucrat suggested in those halcyon days , about all you had to do was haul out the broom and sweep off your sidewalks and roof .
this was built by john templeman from plans submitted by james finley of fayette county , pennsylvania .
( multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each state in item 1 above .
such an animal was said to be `` mealynosed '' .
off and on , all day , someone would be wiping at the powdery gray dust that settled over everything .
one specific example is a secret `` fraternity '' which will `` coordinate anti-communist efforts '' .
nuf sed .
ernie stared at the man .
instead of catholics' being obliged or even encouraged to beget the greatest possible number of offspring , as many non-catholics imagine , the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed .
this , in fact , it turned out to be .
till seven times ? ?
specific broadening of travel rights .
underneath , he remained one of the best-educated russians of his day .
although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or domicile of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper origination point for assessment .
he simply found more work for him to do , and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break .
and an air force of 91 combat wings and 825,000 men .
he rode low on the mare's neck .
halfback bud priddy , slowed for almost a month by a slowly-mending sprained ankle , joined tcu's workout monday .
the jaded amorist conjured up pictures of the blasphemous rites with relish .
you'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! !
lucy drew out the chair and sat down ; ;
because the food is selected with thought for its nutritional value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good .
drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back .
you need a little stove , a coffee pot and a stew pot ; ;
everything was glamorous to my dazzled eyes .
does it put the label of un-american or subversive on everyone with whom it disagrees politically ? ?
of their first engagement at falling waters after old jack's first brigade had destroyed all the rolling stock of the b & o railroad .
to get it out into the daylight's glow is my life's aim both first and last , the whole .
lastly , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead .
the ncta is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of congress .
by reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , i am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest .
another frequent pioneer difficulty , caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and boots , was corns .
it ideally removes the past event , and shows that this would render false what we mean to say , whereas on positivist grounds it should not .
they're doin it now .
we congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation .
that's not getting all the juice out of the orange , now is it '' ? ?
it sounded like a man kicking a melon .
i knew it as surely as everybody in westfield -- that lucille was a husband stealer .
`` i guess so '' , she said .
i have helped him .
he handed the guard's rifle to fiske .
this program is now nationally known as `` teen hunter clubs '' .
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach $1.9 billion .
first , we realize that a pure specialist does not exist .
the 1962 general assembly has important business to consider .
the azaleas were as large as shrubs , and their myriad blooms , many still tight in the bud , ranged in color from purple through fuchsia and rose to the palest pink , along with many white ones too .
in patchen's eyes , organized churches are as odious as organized governments , and christian symbols , having been taken over by the moneyed classes , are now agents of corruption .
they did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ;
in la nouvelle-heloise and werther tragedy is made intimate .
had the communist-led pathet lao finally come this far ? ?
and very , very few were lost when the final connection was made to the control panels of ship or industrial combine .
i do not know that this is true ; ;
high-speed buses on the george washington memorial parkway , operating between downtown washington and cabin john , glen echo and brookmont , would constitute an alluring sample of what the new national capital transportation agency can do for this city .
replacement parts
we in east greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year .
the industry has been its own watch dog .
changeable letters fill many needs
robbie was a war veteran with battle-shattered knees .
`` one of my boys '' .
you spent $800 for his support .
gran peered again at the week-old blond mustache shadowing dan's upper lip .
they should provide for simple recreation .
at a nod of his head they let go , turning to cup their ears against the icy slipstream .
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised .
i'll beat it .
the constant-temperature contours are much smoother than those observed at 4.3 mm by coates ( 1959 ) and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features .
the other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is typified by thiouracil .
woman's place is in the home : man must attend to matters of the yard .
`` virus infection nothing '' , she'd scream at him .
i have calculated that if i could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , i would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on hiroshima .
we find , for example , such groupings as the five ancient rulers , the five sacred mountains , the five directions ( with center ) , the five metals , five colors , five tastes , five odors , five musical notes , five bodily functions , five viscera , and many others .
counsel for du pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date .
but by the time the papers were finally disposed of , the group had informed the world of its purpose , its recommendations , and its belief that paul bang-jensen was not of sound mind .
theresa stubblefield , still holding the family letters in one hand , realized that her whole trip to europe was viewed in family circles as an interlude between cousin elec's death and `` doing something '' about cousin emma .
`` i've adjusted the gauge so that the pump cuts out before the water gets too low .
`` i must hurry to catch my train '' .
all orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks .
it commanded a view over manhattan and the harbor .
under formby's plan , an appointee would be selected by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the house , attorney general and chief justice of the texas supreme court .
the mayor's present term of office expires jan. 1 .
and , for all his lacquered , almost byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the aptness of an unexpected comparison .
section 8-b-2 of the small business act , as amended , authorizes the sba to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns .
there were hideous scars inside the throat and the palate was mutilated .
occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations .
the whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world .
( 2 ) displacement of state law by federal law in state courts in all actions regarding collective bargaining agreements ; ;
.
so was my brother .
her study of history was persistently pursued .
his widow started the circulation of petitions after barnard was reprimanded for violating the probation .
the other patrons were taxi drivers and art students and small shopkeepers .
they followed him into the rain and across to the squat stone building fifty feet to the rear .
governor tawes announced that a triple swearing-in ceremony will be held in his office next friday .
my wife died in childbirth after i was sent away .
the expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget , and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the mayor approving ) in fund transfers within a department .
grudges simply do not keep that well in a sane mind .
often these listeners would refer sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or ditties .
frog-marched off the airplane at 1:48 p.m. , the beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of kidnapping and transporting a stolen plane across state lines .
another way to remove small objects from the eye was to have the person look cross-eyed ; ;
3 .
when , on the journey to london that immediately follows , he pauses nostalgically to lay his hand upon the finger-post at the end of the village , the wooden pointer symbolically designates a spiritual frontier between innocence and the corruption of worldly vanity .
well , ordinarily he is , except ( as the wheel of the law specifies ) toward impious folk who steal , disturb , or maltreat the presence .
do you have a long-term ( 5- or 10-yr. ) marketing program ? ?
the state universities of maine , new hampshire , and vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; ;
he would have had ample time to go into a blind somewhere and wait his prey .
seward would be up there .
the aegean world which had existed before 1000 differed from that which rises more clearly in our vision after 800 .
dave ate two pieces of pie as he did everything else , slowly , methodically and with interest .
when and where to file
they dislike dense vegetation .
-- turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with gen. cemal gursel as president .
in addition to other defects , i'm a stubborn man and hate to admit to the common garden variety of bad judgment .
hague squeezed down his uneasy dislike .
another , arthur m. schlesinger , jr. , has won a pulitzer prize in history ; ;
to become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist .
several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers .
attendance at the chapel service is voluntary .
what plastics to use ? ?
he examined it carefully , handed it back and said , `` eh bien , you may leave france '' .
`` his real name's dimaggio , only we call him maggie because he has to take tranquilizers .
i managed to do this by the time the great a.b. returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce nihilist .
the feeding of birds is prohibited in this square .
you actually hate me -- and we both know it -- because i killed that filthy snake .
cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over .
i have often searched for a graphic way of impressing our superiority on those americans who have doubts , and i think mr. jameson campaigne has done it well in his new book american might and soviet myth .
he was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority -- and he answered : `` well , i am supposed to know all the answers , aren't i '' ? ?
he slipped outside , hugging the walls of buildings and dodging into doorways .
how explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive covenant cases or in a review of nareb's code of ethics article 34 in the code , adopted in 1924 , states that `` a realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy , members of any race or nationality or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood '' .
like the gershwins , richard rodgers and lorenz hart were loath to let a good song get away from them .
colored fellow named tim williams -- only hand she has working for her now .
they were chasing a rain cloud .
i would have stood there and died there if left to myself , but cousin simmons grabbed my arm in his viselike grip and fairly plucked me out of there ; ;
he had always done well .
not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every american who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the enslavement of another nation '' .
the foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it .
( in the heat of the anti-colmer drive last week , judge smith threatened reprisal against powell .
barrel weights vary sensibly with the various calibers available , and these include the standard bores ( about $165 ) plus the magnums ( around $170 ) ; ;
all the dead animals laying around the ship '' .
a primary function is the operation of a government bid center , which receives bids daily from the federal government's principal purchasing agencies .
accordingly , though the practice violated the no-trading provision of the selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the hudson's bay company , some settlers went into trade .
seeing her caused a lurch in ramey , a recognition .
'' thick and 1'' '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. mandrel .
`` karipo's women then named this place ' eromonga ' -- manhood -- for just the strongest men could stay here .
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted chinese convention for all maps .
ptolemy recurrently denies that he could ever explain planetary motion .
they bring their fishing rods and binoculars and bathing suits .
discussion .
the inadequacy of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition .
then , from within the still , sleeping house , the telephone had rung ; ;
i know negroes who prefer the south and white southerners , because `` at least there , you haven't got to play any guessing games '' ! !
the city has sued for the full amount of the $172,400 performance bond covering the contract .
worst of all , wally had no training for any kind of work .
the question , then , is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct demoralizes and overcomes the opponent while re-moralizing and re-establishing him .
`` all right '' , i said .
gilborn put on his coat again .
the ambiguities suggested above stem from a more basic difficulty in fromm's style of thought .
when he rose in the morning , the image was still there .
parker was never excommunicated .
in eight states whose fiscal years close on june 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on december 31 : :
i looked closely at his eyes , and he was already innocent ; ;
measurements of skins are of little value ; ;
now , you no doubt regard the preceding as pap ; ;
it was they who held the future in their hands .
you'll see , myra's settling down '' .
proponents of zen to the west emphasize disproportionately the amount of mahayana buddhism in zen , probably in order to dignify the indisputably magical taoist ideas with more respectable buddhist metaphysic .
their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from trough to crest .
then there is a diagonalizable operator d on v and a nilpotent operator n in v such that ( a ) af , ( b ) af .
this brief resume hardly does the book justice , but i heartily recommend it to all those who are engages with the major problems of our time .
positive results start when it goes towards the hand you use to make your mark '' .
a tale of a massive reservation in the uplands to hold several million jews a tale of a plan to ship all jews to the island of madagascar stories of the depravity of the guards at globocnik's camps struck a chord of terror at the mere mention of their names .
angelina placed the tray on the table and with a flick of dark wrist drew off the cloth .
for instance -- what about all those people harold rhodes went toward unhesitatingly , as if this were the one moment they would ever have together , their one chance of knowing each other ? ?
anticipating delivery of medicines and yeast by plane , granite city citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of quarrymen and the 172nd infantry , vermont national guard , laid out runways on wilson flat , high on millstone hill .
a voice drifted in to me above the patter of the rain shortly after i had fallen into a fitful sleep .
he found the pilot light and turned on one of the burners for her .
that's an order '' .
she will sing `` la sonambula '' with it here next week .
what type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ?
it takes place in the household , a rite of well-wishing for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the new year , for any good purpose .
industrial electronic equipment
`` everybody does '' .
it was the day to canvass for infectious hepatitis .
and the broad , opaque shapes of pasted paper would have been isolated in such a way as to make them jump out of plane .
the magistrate tonight refused to return to the five $29,000 in american and british currency , mostly $20 bills , and in british government bonds and stocks .
but if a complement for come is implied and by tuesday is a prepositional unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most .
you young men get to be my age , you won't take flu so lightly '' .
then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight , an irrational , an indecent , an undeclared and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally .
this means either cars or trucks .
he assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill .
in the center of his brilliant curls sat a small black skullcap .
he spoke through the public address box built into the cabin , and his gigantic voice roared out over the empty plain , so that the pink herd of talking people stirred gently in their happiness and wondered what their friend b'dikkat might be wanting to tell them .
gerry began to aid freddy with her father , prodded , no doubt , by joan's open contempt for freddy and william's irritating competency .
a `` double-figure '' , which went to the chicago art institute , and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts ; ;
jim landis' 380-foot home run over left in the first inning gave the sox a 1-0 lead , but harmon killebrew came back in the bottom of the first with his second homer in two days with the walking bob allison aboard .
complementing the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty .
the budget of the church may be presented and pledges solicited at this session .
orvis even needed to hire an assistant , clark j. wait .
our first necessity , at the very outset of war , is post-attack reconnaissance .
teaching is at present a sellers' market ; ;
even if we do , you'll be out of here in a week , probably '' .
`` i don't know much about them '' , owen admitted , `` but i suppose they have their own religion and they probably resent outsiders coming in and telling them what to do and what not to do '' .
maude suddenly looked quite capable of pouring it down her throat .
she was forty-nine at this time , a lanky woman of breeding with an austere , narrow face which had the distinction of a steeple or some architecture that had been designed long ago for a stubborn sort of prayer .
for centuries it was the location of historic festivals and open-air sports events .
if it were not that i knew who it was i could have mistaken it for my aunt so well did her clothes fit him .
at nightfall he had been able to sneak down a hillside and into the jungle , reeking of death .
jeremiah peabody's polyunsaturated quick dissolving fast acting pleasant tasting green and purple pills .
however , production came to only 5.6 million compared to 6.2 million .
somebody with no vices .
the respective vocabularies `` essential for travel '' are available in separate albums .
sergeant mike donaldson , congressional medal of honor soldier , was one of them .
wholesome snacks , no candy
in the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use .
`` ' a good morrow to you , my boy .
he smiled at her sincerity .
how unpartisan will be the recommendations of lt. gov. garland byrd's senate committee on government operations ? ?
his rage had built up as he made his way here from the second floor , helped by the quantity of champagne he had consumed .
no strikingly effective element of speech in the extant poems can with assurance be said not to have been a commonplace in the vaster epic corpus that may have existed at the beginning of the first millennium before christ .
( h )
secretary-general hammarskjold decided that it would be preferable if the u.n. troops sent into the congo were to come from african , or at least nonwhite , nations -- certainly not from the u.s. , russia , great britain or france .
to compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income .
both are good bunters : maris once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues ; ;
parker meant business .
mrs. coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection .
experience will show that only the vaguest generalities apply , and in fine , these merely dwell upon a relationship between the durations and intensities of events .
for once his touch deserted him .
often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse .
i asked the same questions inside the launch-control rooms of an atlas missile base in wyoming , where officers who wear sidearms are manning the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other pistol-packing men could give orders to push such buttons .
one social-class factor which plays a large part in educational policy today is the fact that a great many school and college teachers are upward mobile from urban lower-class and lower-middle-class families .
some have serenity of mind , the ability to accept what they have , and make the most of it ( a wonderful gift to have , believe me ) -- some see only darkness , the bitter side of everything .
the planes , light with most of the gas burned out , responded beautifully .
they saw it before i did , even with my binoculars .
mr. flannagan manufactured plastic tongue depressors .
the distances are at least two inches from any edge of the specimen .
the maximum rate of oxygen transfer at 1.0 mg/l dissolved oxygen was calculated as 220 lb/day at a maximum rate of 9.3 aj .
he was big , and filthy , and his toes stuck out of the flapping tops of his shoes .
the impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning generality with a certain objective existence .
the pressure may come from muscles , tendons , or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand .
at first glance , this hero seems to be more rather than less of an individualist than any of his predecessors .
we who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first thanksgiving day .
it is important for an understanding of zen to realize that the esoteric preoccupations of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man .
the most frequent excuse for the prevalence of unoriginals and tested imports is increasing production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances .
but when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress .
don't come back .
tax worries , production worries , personnel worries , and the letter from hanford college , his own alma mater , a real snapper .
drill speeds are important if you want a good job .
the staff saw in him the qualities of a don cossack , hence , as mentioned before , his nickname `` the hetman '' .
we had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easily match mine .
the resolution , which barber tossed into the house hopper friday , will be formally read monday .
there will be a pilgrimage to mount vernon at 2:30 p.m. .
jane asked in her placid , interested way .
soon as the burnsides moved on , he'd lead rex down by the river ; ;
the bone of the vertebral bodies , ribs , and sternum was soft and was easily compressed .
johnny rebs from the deep south who were plagued with diarrhoea after transfer to the virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the virginia quickstep '' .
i'm most grateful to you , so grateful i wish you were my principal aide instead of freddy '' .
alec smirked .
when she appeared , two or three of the little girls jumped up and down , yelling , `` goody , goody '' .
their onrush and retreat , he reported , was accompanied by a great hissing , roaring and rattling .
he said , `` right around the corner '' .
it suddenly seemed very important to me that mary jane brennan should know the truth about me -- that i was not the confused , sick , irresponsible person she believed me to be .
i made them show me their identification before i could be persuaded not to call on felice perrin '' .
her eyes became bright as she talked about her father and mother , aunts and uncles , cousins .
i just don't want anyone disturbed , julie .
but i'll be fair now ! !
hatfield also is scheduled to hold a public united nations day reception in the state capitol on tuesday .
this makes today's aircraft a one-shot , or one mission , weapon .
i have to think about it .
in the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale .
`` then cometh jesus from galilee to jordan unto john , to be baptized of him .
it was simply poor john .
although not much desiring the account , he had been appointed advertising head of zenith .
beyond the forest all our paths merge into a single great highway which ends in the barren , eroded hills of judea .
the heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life -- with or without the guitar '' .
( alaska and hawaii had fixed federal share percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962 .
that way they have an infirmary for $400 .
in combat , helping your co make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed .
`` i ain't kidding you , vince .
my hair is what he's nuts about .
that was when half the school was down with flu '' .
she had to escape .
the yanks also took advantage of three cincinnati errors .
one subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen ) , `` do you suppose i was unconsciously keeping it down before '' ? ?
`` a ' dust-settling ' period of decadence and decline '' .
they thundered at him .
`` but you want to ask me when b'dikkat is going to come back with the needle '' .
he didn't even look up .
under this plan both cranston and providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods .
his remarks about training , discipline , morale , leadership and command are enlightening .
it follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon .
the air was cooler here , and the lacy pattern of the trees threw a dappled shadow on the grass , an effect which he found pleasant .
well , the odious little toad went along chivying animals and humans who couldn't retaliate , and in due course , as was inevitable , overreached himself .
i'll call you in a day or so '' .
lyon around : columnist walter winchell , well and rat-a-tat-tatty again , wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his phoenix , ariz. , rancho , portable typewriter in hand .
called the marmara gazinosu , it is on the third floor , with signs pointing the way there , and has a terrace overlooking the sea of marmara .
cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about af ( long enough for three impressions of mold ) .
the response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing .
though the spread of this type of decoration in the aegean has not yet been precisely determined , it seems to appear first in the cyclades , which were among the leading exporters of pottery throughout the century .
when the date would try to bid her good-night at the door , she would tell him , `` if you go home now , i'll scream '' .
to hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and , of course , to bring back pictures of your experiences , requires advance planning .
there was a battle on an average of once every three weeks .
r. h. s. crossman , m.p. , writing in the manchester guardian , states that departures from west berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of 1,700 a week , and applications to leave have risen to 1,900 a week .
the bishop of gloucester described the elder thomas in 1577 as the richest recusant in his diocese , worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods .
an approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of charles olson's statement of the process of projective verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' .
`` what's the rest of your name '' ? ?
their eyes betrayed too much of their emotions , she thought sadly .
obligingly gibby lowered his voice .
reverend jason got one , the canadians the others .
capable as their minds may be in some directions , these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning , or even of observing .
the floc particles were all small as the heavier floc settled out .
new york : democrats' choice
it was a hardy undertaking , and wheelock's was indeed `` a voice crying in the wilderness '' .
he rose slowly and looked into the mirror on the inside of the closet door .
the first is the strictly scientific , which demands concrete proof and therefore may err on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh .
the plan was supported by frederick p. fish , counsel for the national automobile chamber of commerce .
a petition bearing the signatures of more than 1,700 johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town .
even though the boy could not see them , he knew they were clouded by distance .
allied arts corporation first listed the chicago dates as dec. 4 thru 10 .
he trembled lest his piece should fail .
every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity .
johnnie was a trucker with a small lumber outfit in a town about twenty miles away , and he was also pretty good at anything in the carpentry line .
those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935 .
of course , you'll want to use the softest water you can in your radiators .
wisman , who has had the chief controller's job for four years , calls the signals for a team operating three rows of dull-gray consoles studded with lights , switches and buttons .
three were doubles , brooks robinson getting a pair and marv breeding one .
they quote about the same mass threshold as that of the u.s. apparatus , but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater .
out of a total of 603 calls , 452 contacts were established with top executive personnel .
the diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty .
i had developed too foolproof a facade to be afraid of self-betrayal .
the input axis of the appropriate gyros are parallel to the sensitive direction of the accelerometers .
investors , however , still see an element of more-than-ordinary risk in the toll-road bonds .
he steered me to the right track -- the free enterprise track '' .
now the dirt highway was bordered on either side by a fairly deep drainage ditch , too broad to leap over unless you were an olympic star .
the screen test was never made -- but diane was .
to them all dolores told a lighthearted and witty tale .
yes , blanche was very , very sweet -- being in her company was like being drowned in warm , melted marshmallows .
mrs. roebuck very kindly let me drive through sante fe to a road which would , she said , lead us to taos and then raton and `` eventshahleh '' out of new mexico .
i point now with pride to the fact that , long ere the committee on un-american activities , the minute women , the economic council and other such notable `` watchdog '' organizations were so much as heard of , i was hollywood's leading bulwark against communism , fighting single-handedly `` creeping socialism '' against such insuperable odds as the fascio-communist troops of the nra , pwa , wpa , ccc and an army of more than twenty-two million mercenaries whom f.d.r. employed secretly , through the transparent ruse of regular `` relief '' checks .
the elementary-school child grows gradually in his ability to work in groups .
he sighed and leaned for a moment against the trunk .
paradoxically , the same week in which senator mcclellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the civil aeronautics board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act .
the opening action is obtained when a capacitor , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil .
occasionally there were small basophilic fibers that were devoid of myofibrillae and contained many vesicular nuclei with prominent nucleoli ( fig. 5 ) .
`` orders from the home army '' .
the federal government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people .
she'd say she didn't feel good on sunday , couldn't go to church -- there'd be a little argument , but she could be stubborn -- and when the old woman had gone , quick pack the things she'd need to take , all but the dress she'd wear monday , and take the bag down to that place in the station where you could put things in a locker overnight , for a dime .
dives , carefully repaired huts , and nicely painted and ornamented cottages were jumbled together cheek by jowl with little distinction .
pete rozelle , the league commissioner , pointed out :
we define these values as af , and define g{t} in the same way for each t .
steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the englishman ; ;
alfredo certainly must have enjoyed being alone .
president kennedy will meet with soviet premier nikita s. khrushchev in vienna june 3 and 4 .
these engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage .
prompted by a guilty urge , he had disobeyed the order of a man he respected .
i looked over their faces and felt a twinge : they all looked so much more knowing than i .
the division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from jewelry plants in the area flowing through the line , heavy vehicle traffic on eddy street and tide conditions .
why in the name of his non-god doesn't he vary it a bit '' ? ?
they were carpeted , but made for pumps and congress gaiters , not the great clodhoppers he wore .
and then i became aware that she , too , glanced at me surreptitiously .
mrs. knauer said she did not think dog owners should be penalized for the city's services to animal care .
mcbride staggered into the street , flopped sprawling in the stinging dust .
you danced two tangos and a paso doble , which must have been fairly enervating in that milieu .
i'm just finishing breakfast .
`` i'm going to tell everybody how big a snake i killed '' .
`` and in the future , since i write for a public of one , i can save the poor publishers from wasting their money '' .
as for missionaries , even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the christian faith to the burmans .
`` but where is the leader who will handle all these things for us '' ? ?
in 1960 one-quarter of the 92.5 million recreation visits to the national forests and grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing .
he turned his head to the source of the disturbance and instantly back to the window and his rifle sight , dismissing hoag for the moment with the same contempt he had shown in their encounter at hoag's apartment .
and then there were other things .
his son who had never held an office in any organization in the eighteen years of his life .
the works are presented chronologically .
the bedsprings betrayed him with a creak .
the thunk was louder , anyway , and i thought i heard bone crack .
you can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house .
otherwise , symbolic names may have previously been assigned to these same index words .
the wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic centre .
can they stand rigid scrutiny ? ?
justice is a worthy objective ; ;
i mentioned it to chris one stifling hot night , when i had slipped outside for a breath of fresh air .
bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots .
the curve on the card the computer spat back at him couldn't be argued with , however .
and i couldn't take six more weeks of this .
each seems to strive for elimination of the necessity for the others .
yet it could not have been more than a matter of seconds , and then the front of the british army came into view .
limit yourself to good meat and drink , with bread , salad , corn or potatoes as accessories .
he thought about it briefly , then deliberately turned the talk to something else .
his portrayal of an edgy head-in-the-clouds artist is virtually flawless .
following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes .
before they could guess his intention rankin stepped forward and swung the guard's own gun against the uncovered head , hard .
`` no divinity will hold still for that .
prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us oldsters took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated northeast ! !
the first rattle of the machine guns , at 7:10 in the evening , roused around me the varied voices and faces of fear .
however , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an unannounced but nonetheless readily observable shift has occurred in both facets of national activity .
bobby joe and two or three of the other boys declared they had never been possum-hunting , and uncle bill farnworth ( from mama albright's side of the family ) said he would just get up from there and take them , right then .
my man came out an hour later , drove to the beach , turned right and after half a mile went to the swim and tan motel .
then roberts was on him , gasping for breath and for a couple of seconds mickey lost sight of the blade .
this constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities .
thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it .
the foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion .
-- richard j. hughes made his morris county debut in his bid for the democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a pledge `` to carry the issues to every corner of the state '' .
he waited until they were inside the elevator and then said : `` now what do we do '' ? ?
he'd not only told me so , he'd proved it .
`` really something '' , he said , aloud .
decries joblessness
`` we have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan .
with his long service he had a long memory , an excellent thing in a political leader .
above him slid the evasive shadow of a storm cloud .
move from the line or i will settle the whip on you .
southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop negroes from claiming equal rights .
with his head erect , he approached , not glancing at us , and passed by with his clear eyes raised and fixed straight ahead .
horace's column of imperishable verse shines quietly enough in the lucid air of augustan rome .
below , people line the steps , as though on bleachers , to watch the sky and river .
in the meantime he was pleased with the warm night and the still more pleasing company of his water brother .
the removal of miss packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow , but they still had miss giles .
`` john ? ?
although the united states and the u.s.s.r. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work .
no one knows where it will stop .
first of all , the six figures of the buddha you heisted -- four siamese heads , a black obsidian statuette in the earth-touching position , and a large brass figure of the dying buddha on a teakwood base .
try talking to some of the fellows he works with , friends , anyone .
you had to be stupid or crazy or immortal .
coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated .
thomas douglas , fifth earl of selkirk , a noble humanitarian scot concerned with the plight of the crofters of his native highlands , conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the red river of the north .
on the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes distantly , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced edward bellamy's looking backward and h. g. wells's a modern utopia .
but , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to unify the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ?
he looked piously to heaven and said , `` beer don't affect the tissues none '' , and the ingenious hypocrisy of this defense pleased henrietta so that she forgave him his stint of malevolence .
indonesia is one of the twenty under-developed countries of asia , africa and latin america that are receiving soviet aid .
what did it matter ? ?
are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster ? ?
the old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy .
they all are of wayne .
had to put my foot on it to hole it down while i cut it up fer the lob-scuse '' .
griffith looked at him suspiciously through red-rimmed eyes .
now it seemed almost as if jesus were looking down at me with sadness in his eyes , saying :
`` the negro got a bad slice on his chest from the knife wound '' .
he supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment .
the man swayed on a thwart , turning his ruined eyes from side to side .
but i questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be hypnotized by a septuagenarian's dreamy irredentism .
not always , though , does the development of a bumblebee colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described .
cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film .
it has identified itself with the very tension and terror it once did so much to alleviate .
the water splashes into shoulder-high tracts of fernery .
in addition to the method described in the section above , chlorine and radiochlorine were prepared by the electrolysis of a af eutectic on the vacuum line , and by exchange of af with molten af .
the manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given .
)
but the first glass of chateau d'yquem or montrachet is a great deal better than the last '' ! !
as for myself , i had on an enormous black `` muff '' .
our society has `` emancipated '' the woman , giving her new independence and new authority .
it is obvious that the careful choice of photocathode which maximizes af for a given input e ( in the case of the second stage , for the first phosphor screen emission ) is very important .
really , you are most indiscreet to drive him here yourself '' , he said , frowning with displeasure .
however , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to table 1 .
contemporary furniture that is neither danish nor straight-line modern but has sculptured pattern , many design facets , warmth , dignity and an effect of utter comfort and livability .
at this moment , loveless and means arrived , crashing through the undergrowth with their horses , and distracted her , and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a crevice between two rocks .
`` i didn't know it was going to be this late '' ! !
it did not seem possible that they hadn't been spotted .
yet nationalism has lost few of its charms for the historian , writer or man in the street .
he is most effective in the ordinary business of the house , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of unpleasantness and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan .
`` know what ole buckra et tonight '' ? ?
) the court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce .
one b-52 can do the work of several b-47's which it will replace .
impressions often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value .
vases :
i asked one day what he was doing .
local industry's investment in rhode island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort .
it is a revelation of what has been done , what is being done and what will be done in newark as shown by architects' plans , models and pictures .
please do put more pictures and articles in about liberace , as he is truly one of our greatest entertainers and a really wonderful person .
strongly colorful , plastic , racy , vivid .
joel came and sat mutely with her , sharing her pain and anguish , averting his eyes from the ice packs on her bosom .
parker and pollock wanted to substitute a work of art for the world .
consider it as a standby setup , at negligible cost , for those emergencies when the furnace quits , a blizzard holds up fuel delivery , or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant .
two hours of watching his serenely happy face , listening to his soft humming as he bent over his penciled figures , and blanche had to leave .
under the most favorable assumptions for increase , the bureau of the census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about 883,000 in the last two years of the fifties to an annual rate of about 1,018,000 in the first five years of the sixties , and to a slightly higher annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the decade .
why hadn't he noticed it before ? ?
a young woman who looked like alix , with her two children .
how had he failed ? ?
the slaves ran gaily to the center of congo square and gathered around a sweaty youth they called johnny no-name .
2 tablespoons dry mustard water 1/2 cup heavy cream , whipped salt paprika
gynecologists and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage .
on the right is the brumidi liberty group , as it looked after cleaning operations , which had not yet come around to the other end ; ;
he can ( 1 ) point his car resolutely at the invading fender and force the other driver back into lane a ; ;
the controller retains his essential `` fiscal watchdog '' functions ; ;
the wagons were burning fiercely .
in addition , the neocortical-hypothalamic relations play a great role in primates , as mirsky's interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates .
as if drawn by a wire the enemy flew into them .
the public should understand that whether they support a state hospital or a va hospital , the tax dollar has to be paid one way or the other .
thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable unselfconsciousness ; ;
it is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier fourth-century saxon element from the later , fifth-century mainstream of anglo-saxon invasions .
you took me by surprise .
even in its most conventional appearance , the guests' song of praise to marina , there are a few female dissenters criticizing the princess for her coldness .
-- the orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only winless team among the eighteen major-league clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the kansas city athletics by a score of 5 to 3 .
and at once claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it .
when we got there , trig and the negro were quarreling over possession of a gold crucifix around the neck of a wounded filipino .
the first is a wide-ranging sample of successful tonal analyses .
i was just doing my job , just following orders , and for that he's going to kill me .
but fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; ;
when an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , autocoder will equate the name iocsixf to it .
analysis
dan morgan '' .
in the mystery story , as in the wealth of nations , individualism and the social good are two sides of the same benevolent coin .
they can even be rather grand , like edward land's monument to the astonishing success of polaroid .
since his seizure , scotty had had little appetite ; ;
one of the children maneuvered out of range of the poking index finger .
`` yehhh '' , said coughlin , practically spitting on him .
shirl winter said , `` i'll stay on the phone , mr. paxton .
of course i enjoyed 'most anything if i did it with johnnie .
he respected each of these approach techniques , and kept them in character : his quill drawings had a scratchiness , suggesting skin texture ; ;
the preceding observations make it clear that there exist line involutions of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve aj .
it will be recalled that in his summation for the a.l.a.m. before judge hough , fish had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the american industrial community .
three union guards appeared , carrying their rifles at ready .
he didn't have to telephone .
and a host of others .
`` why ? ?
as it was , his vision blurred and for a moment he was unable to move .
their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at `` bureaucracy '' and would enable `` the people '' to take a more direct and active part in running the country .
further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a super-experiment composed of several repetitions of the five-round experiment .
while several yards from it , still concealed by the shrubbery , she'd seen two men on her left at the pool's edge .
suvorov played parent not just to his cossacks but to all his troops .
acting soothed him .
the severe yet harmonious vases of the previous fifty years , the strong geometric style of the late ninth century , display as firm a mastery of the principles underlying geometric pottery ; ;
thus f satisfies af if and only if f has the form af .
`` it's my line of work '' , he said
each member with a population above 150,000,000 would get one additional post for each additional 30,000,000 people up to an unspecified cut-off point .
we had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world .
scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about 5/64'' '' ) away from the frame edge .
sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype -- a `` how are you now '' ? ?
russia and u.n.
the angels in the nursery were zigzagging wildly in all directions , seemingly at random .
there is much to be said for such a college -- and dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly .
tuesday
yet though the southern states lost the worst errors in their case , they did not lose the truth they fought for .
mr. eisenhower , politician
the dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement .
on arrival at headquarters he had , however -- in king stanislas' words to glayre -- `` found such favor with pe potemkin that he made him his aide-de-camp and up to now does not want him to go join paul jones .
dean thaddeus seymour , wearing ski clothes , was crowning a beauteous damsel queen of the carnival .
mr. herford's appearance was that of a frustrated gnome .
if the retailer and hotelman's downtown unit sales have been decreasing , however , his dollar volume continues to rise , and it is dollars which you put in the bank .
not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage .
she felt cold and hot , sticky and chilly at the same time .
lightning could strike you blind if you were a sinner ! !
then he suffered him .
there , ernest gross further assured him :
shy , actually , he avoided feminine overtures and seemed truly ignorant of the girls' desires when they sought to make liaisons with him in the open fields , in carriages and in boathouses .
they get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents apiece on the average , the drunken rascals '' .
one woman -- she could have been either english or american -- went up to him and said , ' but you are the foreigners ' '' .
after a snowstorm a landscape smelling `` of woodsmoke and clarity '' .
it all did look very efficient and shipshape .
theresa had seen him through the right college , into the right fraternity , and though pursued by various girls and various mammas of girls , safely married to the right sort , however much in the early years of that match his wife , anne , had not seemed to understand poor george .
religion can summate , epitomize , relate , and conserve all the highest ideals and values -- ethical , aesthetic , and religious -- of man formed in his culture .
`` happened to be in the hall ! !
his accomplishments , and the fact that he was resident , did much to offset the unkind words travelers used to describe little rock after a visit there .
it is the business of cosmologists , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors .
to this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff .
if you want my advice , pack up and take the next train back to new york '' .
rather erotically he listened to the bath water running ; ;
`` sake '' ? ?
the electron optical system ( see fig. 14-1 ) is based in principle on the focusing action of concentric spherical cathode and anode surfaces .
ramsey , 6-3 , 195 and ruggedly slim , says , `` i can't remember when i didn't pester my mother to teach me to cook '' .
now the park is filled with marble busts and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell .
in addition to these rules , carleton has added the following : 1 .
most avant-garde creators , true to their interest in the self-sufficiency of pure movement , have tended to dress their dancers in simple lines and solid colors ( often black ) and to give them a bare cyclorama for a setting .
but , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it .
millie jansen , high school senior from verboort , had the championship dollar dinner , and jody jaross of hillsboro also won a blue ribbon .
the video signal is amplified and then switched , in synchronism with the three ultraviolet light sources which are sequenced by the rotating mirror so that during one-twentieth of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen .
the wildly erratic nature of patrice lumumba caused constant problems -- he frequently announced that he wanted the u.n. to get out of the congo along with the belgians , and appealed to russia for help .
the question was raised , for example , as to what attitude the president would take if mr. khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from southeast asia to the middle east .
for the most part , his writing rambles and jogs , preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts .
it consists in saying , ' that would be sending the goat to look after the cabbage .
across the road there was one no more than a hundred yards away .
she blew her nose on a tissue and opened the coke bottle .
you've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way .
i feel compelled to write this because i am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as east greenwich .
he seemed to remember reading somewhere that abyssinians had large litters , and suffered a dismaying vision of the apartment overrun with a dozen kittens .
the city expects the higher rooming house , hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional $457,000 a year .
`` in 35 years we have opened 7,000 churches '' , the rev. mr. brandt said , adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons .
on the other hand , to greet them with delight would convert what before was neutral into something good ; ;
unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual hourly worker prefers cash every time .
some , she knew , looked upon thompson almost as a saint , but others read in `` the hound of heaven '' what they took to be the confessions of a great sinner , who , like oscar wilde , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' .
george had a tack hammer .
arnold lodley and michael perse were like the rest -- lukewarm , ready to swing against hudson in a crisis .
`` pat , get out of that creek ! !
a woman's voice said , and then he heard a sort of wail from the man's wife .
i know nothing of any plot , if there is such a thing '' .
the outgoing members , whose four-year terms will expire a week after the april 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory tusks , to remember the state committee by .
and they sat down and began their little coffee party .
living in urban conditions , away from the deadweight of village constraint and the constrictions of a thatched-roof world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit adultery not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes .
she quickly moved into cafe society , possibly easing her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business .
felix kopstein states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its maximal length '' , but goes on to cite the reticulate python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity .
.
)
`` get the hell out '' .
he was determined to hold out .
inspiring -- yes ; ;
and if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ?
casey heard the voice distinctly and he knew who it was , but it took him a while to make the mental readjustment and control the disturbance inside his head .
wales said , `` of course they would .
he straightened his tie at the mirror with a shaking hand ; ;
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil .
there is no socially existential answer to the question .
perhaps one bored holes in the stone with some kind of an electric gadget .
in 1945 , probably almost every american not only knew who sam spade was , but had some kind of emotional feeling about him .
add holes in top , forming `` s '' for salt and `` p '' for pepper .
said maris .
when this proposal was made , stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the conference .
what if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly , coolly , decide to clobber the russians ? ?
beef calves -- to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal .
augustin cardinal bea , the director of the secretariate for christian unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that pervades the church's stance toward the protestant and orthodox churches .
why don't we drive around the corner '' ? ?
does she accurately give dates , ages , kind of occupation ? ?
see the lightning flash ; ;
in some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly inclusion bodies ( littau and black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen .
adam recognized this one .
the reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known .
mrs. richard newburger is chairman of hostesses .
at one extreme are the systems of upper new york state , where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large , sparsely populated area .
johnson .
bob moore is plumb crazy about blue fishing '' .
she wants to pay you a visit .
i felt good and satisfied , looking at the snake .
`` fuss , fuss , old man '' .
`` shall we get out of here '' ? ?
`` i think by the end of next week he could get out in the air a little .
doctors at the hospital said he was partially paralyzed on the right side .
here it is relevant to remember that men commonly regard some causes as more important than their lives ; ;
these announcements are , in effect , advertisements for themselves as thriving marriage marts .
raised details of designs were colored in shades of yellow-green , blue-green , brown and pink .
in the period since the end of world war 2 , -- a period coinciding with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field .
we will take up alternative foundations later on .
maggie said .
the rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that prophesies the tragedy .
never given to mincing words , he places heavy blame upon the faulty , uncourageous leadership of britain and particularly america .
he had long black hairs on his wrist .
there was considerable contrast between this mulligan performance and that of art blakey and the jazz messengers , who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group .
and we had the uneasy sense that the cleavage between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us .
she puffed on the cigarette slowly , sitting slumped against the back seat ; ;
but i'm going to have my son '' .
he couldn't feel any .
`` it is not an individual that is in the dock at this historical trial '' -- said ben gurion , `` and not the nazi regime alone -- but anti-semitism throughout history '' .
we have evaluated the `` matching integrals '' for two types of photocathodes ( s-11 and s-20 ) and three types of light input .
no longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ;
in california is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- yosemite .
for the aged horses : mr. budlong , p , 2:00.2 , lottie thomas , p , 2:04.2 , mighty signal 2:03 , clever braden , p , 2:01.1 , and glow star , p , 2:02.3 have been in 2:35 ; ;
back of clay scored or roughened for proper gripping surface .
watson stared at them curiously .
so the kirov will fly back to russia , minus a chicago engagement , a serious loss for dance fans -- and for the frustrated bookers , cancellation of one of the richest bookings in the country .
fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living .
on each side of the motor well there's storage for battery , bumpers , line and spare props with six-gallon gas tanks below .
he has become friday on dragnet , a mouthpiece of arbitrary police authority .
it speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately , thus enabling a massive , concentrated effort to be focused on each .
just as heavily invested are the endeavors of multitudes of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index .
) the two volumes are available from the publisher for $14.00 and $16.00 , respectively .
do you want to drive the king of england from all his overseas possessions '' ? ?
of greater importance , however , is the content of those programs , which have had and are having enormous consequences for the american people .
he is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country .
when a sailing date of march , 1845 was finally established , palfrey made sure that the negroes would have comfortable quarters in new orleans and aboard ship .
for mosquito bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of soda was made .
last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of meredith jane cooper , daughter of the grant b. coopers , to robert knox worrell , and of mary alice ghormley to willard pen tudor .
assassination , even of a tyrant , is repulsive to men of good conscience .
personally , i don't blame him for giving up the dive , much as i regret losing the story '' .
from the manufacturer's point of view , the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties .
he had been explaining all during the trip what he needed to make him feel like himself .
chilblains were also treated with tincture of capsicum or cabbage leaves .
the essential ineffectiveness of these measures resulted in 1934 in substantial elimination of federal jurisdiction to enjoin state public utility rate orders .
although quiet when they brought her in , she'd suddenly turned violent and had to be knocked out .
both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly robot factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been .
on one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a detective sergeant john j. ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the postal telegraph building ; ;
as an air force psychiatrist put it : `` you can't have dry runs on this one '' .
this theorem is similar to the theorem of kakutani that there exists a circumscribing cube around any closed , bounded convex set in af .
miriam was stopped at the taliesin gate , and william weston , now the estate foreman , came out to parley .
he turned his attention to the workbench .
she served as secretary in the seminary office for 25 years , and was in charge of correspondence , records , and bookkeeping .
toward the end of the semester's work , he interviewed every married class member at great length .
at last he reached for the knife .
in assigning to god the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow .
in short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of adam smith's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare .
the specific instance i have in mind is the afro-asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century .
but during the last several years boats were launched in areas where , a short time ago , the only water to be found was in wells and watering troughs for livestock .
during fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were 139 military and civilian students who came to the institute for varying periods of special instruction .
the director's office .
as a christmas service , i've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models .
when the boat had touched , the weaker ones and the two wounded men had been lifted out and carried away by the soldiers .
over and above that , however , was his growing suspicion of chuck stober's part in recent events .
he keeps riding me because i like to listen to the radio and sing while i'm taking a bath .
since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern psychiatry , the recording of interviews for playbacks and study has been a boost of redstone proportions in new research and training .
the president was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at geneva .
madden inquired next about the audit of the scholarship fund .
the advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting , bar charting and point and figure charting , remain the subject of fairly good-natured litigation among their respective professional advocates , with both methods enjoying in common , one irrevocable merit .
he closes his `` letter '' by demanding that dunkirk be demolished , that the pretender be forced to move farther away from the coast of england , and that the queen and the house of hanover come to a better understanding .
and the little , dark blue larkspur that scattered its seed everywhere .
just figures out of a tribal folklore .
`` sounds exactly like last time '' .
mrs. child , true to her word , helped place anna and her four children with a quaker family named hathaway near canandaigua , new york .
for a moment , she could not catch her breath and then , her breath returning in short , frightened spasms , she lifted herself to her feet laboriously .
there are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence .
however , any oxygen nonequivalence would shorten either the already extremely short af interlayer distance of 2.55 a or the non-hydrogen-bonded af interlayer interactions which are already quite short at 2.58 aj .
physique contests are rarely won on muscle size alone .
he told some 350 persons that the united states' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways , following their own paths .
mr. clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical fertilizers and insecticides , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and contouring , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil .
berman , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club monologist , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy .
the snow came a little faster now , he noted .
the marine nodded vigorously .
a congregation survives only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ;
when it is necessary to be specific we say that the optimal policy is an optimal r-stage policy with respect to the feed state af .
a third , one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance , is now being traversed : american immersion and involvement in world affairs .
`` we go to the park with this nice lady '' , one of them said .
given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived , how could anyone have questioned this principle ? ?
the doctor was wearing a long new england greatcoat , hardly necessary in the june weather but a garment which proved well adapted to the sequestration of hens .
falling somewhere in a category between einstein's theory and sand fleas -- difficult to see but undeniably there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of islandia , a string of offshore islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future .
you may take his name upon your lips in oaths and curses if you so choose .
for this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love , doomed by its nature .
the infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him .
both were obviously on the way to the mercer home .
`` captain androfski '' ! !
of course , something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology : consonantal articulations have both a linguistic and an individual component .
his earphones were constantly full of the sounds of enemy contacts made by other flights .
thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during wakefulness , resulting in synchronous eeg potentials in the former and asynchrony in the latter condition .
then they disappeared and scotty got up and went into his own room and got into bed .
for him mercer produced the lyric to `` out of breath scared to death of you '' , introduced in that most successful of all the gaieties , by sterling holloway .
she was deeply , horribly sure that lucien had filled it with opium .
defining sobriety in the limited sense of being free from the clinical symptoms of the effects of alcohol ingested and not yet eliminated from the system , you are sober .
not right away '' .
within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well .
mr. phillips took a razor to gonzalez , prop. , but left the promise that spanish would be understood because he thought it meant that spanish clientele would be welcome .
an injury forced skorich to quit after the 1948 season .
her face showed no sign of having heard pompeii .
on that date , according to gregorio , huff left his home and took a room in the new lawrence hotel at 1020 lawrence av. .
also included in the entourage : a dog in a black sweater , frankie and peter had an urgent mission : to stage a mammoth inauguration eve entertainment gala in the capital's national guard armory .
now , to add to the already unbelievable extremes found in one nation , we have the two new states of hawaii and alaska .
and , as shown in chapter 6 , , some snp females originally developed such trust only during their adolescence , through the aid of , and their identification with , alter-parents .
i want to create the impression of a compound full of children .
baseball's no cinch .
when he discusses tyrants in the eighth book of the republic , he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers .
they neither liked nor disliked the old man .
now af and af must both be tangent points on the t component in the f-plane ; ;
he was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions .
after a few tortuous moments of wondering who `` he '' is , the camera pans across the room to the plaster statue , and we realize that neitzbohr is trying to redeem himself in the eyes of a mute piece of sculpture .
oh , you'll wobble and weave quite a bit at first .
`` he's just heard from the pathologist who says mrs. meeker apparently died from suffocation '' .
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ;
it seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be .
i must state that the faster things happened , the slower they happened ; ;
then there was mark howe and there was henry dwight sedgwick , an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of montaigne and produced in the end a formidable body of work .
it's the valmet ( about $170 ) , a 12-gauge over/under very much like the old remington 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices .
no turns .
there is little optimism here that the communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in laos .
therefore , in the investigation of the present hypothesis , it was necessary to control this factor .
use one coat of firzite and one coat of marine paint .
she loved the children .
to make the picnic frank come close to perfection , remember these tips :
this method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of reactants in each of the six cells from a set .
it would be heartbreaking to see idealism , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young americans will run into .
on the narrower ground of poetic form , he felt that in the drama of the future the greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the shakespearean vision of tragic will .
under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina relaxes and dilates and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent lubricant to help achieve an easier penetration .
then we were off again .
some areas may provide archeological values such as ancient indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , artifacts , etcetera .
petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment .
she always let it be known that there was wine in the pot roast or that the chicken had been marinated in brandy , and that koussevitzky's second cousin was an intimate of theirs .
`` junior showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! !
in his fulminating against the literary world , krim is really struggling with the new yorker in himself , but it's a losing battle .
they understood and teased me a bit about it .
a signal ? ?
this intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well , because i was never content to lead a divided life .
whosever fault , it is evident that brumidi intended to fill out the whole frieze with his `` histories '' and come full circle with the scene of the discovery of california gold .
i saw sedgwick often before his death at ninety-five , -- he had remarried at the age of ninety , -- and he asked me , when once i returned from rome , if i knew the cavallinis in the church of st. cecilia in trastevere .
he was then in man's hands .
) whatever philosophy is conceived to be , its rationalist , logistic attitude to evidence should make it clear that it is something other than science .
5.4 .
in 1959 saami's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports .
the numerical aperture of the fibers is given by : af where af .
one subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax .
and then perhaps one day we get to athens .
i don't want to leave it '' .
but the girl said only , `` tell him i am here , that i have come '' .
he did not wish to deceive kayabashi exactly , just to display the mission activities in a graphic and impressive manner .
moscow novosti article in russian , datelined london :
for protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by pervaporation against a stream of air at 5-degrees-c or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline .
the mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and , like the other two inventory projects , are scheduled for completion july 1 , 1961 .
his head undulated gradually , covering space , to come straining beneath the taut belly within the warmth of those teats .
more recently , the chairman of the atomic energy commission , dr. glenn t. seaborg , `` admitted '' to a news conference in las vegas , nevada , that the us might fall behind russia ( he apparently meant in weapons development ) if the soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we abstain .
`` lullaby and goodnight .
you're a reporter , and you're looking for miss perrin to interview her .
that courtyard picture with the same initials '' .
`` well , it's at fudomae and there was a tan young man , quite naked , taking a shower in the pool .
he and linda settled down to being social leaders , and linda managed to look a little more beautiful each year .
and they couldn't have entrusted henri to better hands because `` le professeur '' knows his muscles from the sterno-cleido mastoideus of the neck right down to the tibialis anticus of the leg and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth .
`` i don't think it was that , really '' .
( georgia , iowa , kentucky , maine , maryland , minnesota , virginia , and south carolina ) .
then he would get to his feet , as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers , and say almost invariably , `` gentlemen , this is an amazing story ! !
as the world began to take on the guise of an immense air raid or gas oven , i believe his art became meaningless to him .
sometimes , though , they did not seem quite human .
perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and gynecologists indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance .
i couldn't help laughing with him .
it was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done .
the complexities of venetian politics eluded him , but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures , with no superfluous passages and only an occasional overemphasis of the part played by its leading figure .
there was nothing in particular on the man's face .
`` we have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion '' .
in the stalag , helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other .
diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility .
though they are often heard clairaudiently , as if a voice were speaking them , in other cases they are apprehended visually as symbols : a slope to signify the name `` hill '' , for instance .
john's first impulse was to denounce their blasphemy .
yet laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe .
swine showmanship championship went to bob day , with tom day and hutchins winning other blues .
jones was galloping close behind them leaning down , cheering them on .
so what ? ?
madden's dark face wore a meditative look .
they graduated together from atlanta's turner high school , where valedictorian holmes was first in the class and charlayne third .
we want no part in such discussions , because we think them largely futile ; ;
poet came in , raising his eyebrows appreciatively as he saw elaine .
the laos government said four major pathet lao rebel attacks had been launched , heavily supported by troops from communist north viet nam .
he left us .
however , as erickson has noted , the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be irreversibly deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence .
one such group got all incensed over shelled `` children '' when helva was just turning fourteen .
for continuous control , feed 1 part phenothiazine to 9 parts minerals or salts .
there were times it wasn't right to make a person happy , like the times she came in the kitchen and asked know we don't keep peanut `` butter for a peanut butter sandwich .
i had no idea of what subjects one discussed when alone with a girl , or how one behaved : should i hold her hand while walking or only when crossing the street ? ?
nineteenth-century virtues , however , seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the bright book has never been particularly popular .
there are , of course , certain times during the 24-hour daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met .
slackened regional demand for st. louis goods and services reflects the region's relative lack of purchasing power .
heidenstam was born in 1859 , of a prosperous family .
sheeran , a lawyer and former fbi man is running against the republican organization's candidate , freeholder william macdonald , for the vacancy left by the resignation of neil duffy , now a member of the state board of tax appeals .
`` i see the girl but i don't see the car with slacks on '' .
billy tilghman did just that .
at their meeting he told her not to bother about `` where '' -- he would attend to that .
no , he had been surprised , unpleasantly surprised , but surprised .
the upper part of his packet had stained dark .
alf sed he heard that you and hardy was a runing together all the time and he though he wod gust quit having any thing mor to doo with you for he thought it was no more yuse .
he doesn't like to rise and shine .
pat let him go , following more leisurely .
i know that one must act .
therefore , her wardrobe is largely mobile , to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a wrinkle .
she never said a word about the fifty dollars .
he looked around his little eden : bureau , bed , table , chair , two-burner stove .
if so , then it is clear that in saying the suffering was bad we are not expressing our feelings only .
john did find the missing checks and money afterward , and the drive was actually oversubscribed , which was a real bit of luck for the missionaries .
simply call mr. whipsnade oscar , and dr. dunne p.ga , and c'un major frank .
this increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development .
a better life .
from this time on heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self .
theoretically , they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air ( ghoreyeb and karsner , '13 ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( comroe , '58 ) .
while plato finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men , still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue .
this is the rafter aj .
he shouldered the blanket again , backed off , and tossed the lantern with its open wick beneath the wagon .
examples
information is also available from this autocollimator system to set the drift bias for the z-axis gyro .
the day alfred left his home and fleischmanns he gave up the convictions of a lifetime .
we've been starving and i don't like to starve '' .
2 .
but chris brightened up like a candle .
edmund , but not for years .
maestro's biggest stock in trade is his personality , and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience .
records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music .
whom shall i fear ? ?
for when he began to talk and dream all at the same time , making his plans as he went , she had begun dreaming too .
the result says jolliffe : `` the child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life '' .
lady da smiled at him often , but there was no love in this place .
opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of tosca .
`` they can't do anything .
now , i do not doubt that , among the people at the u.n. that day , there were stalinist and professional revolutionists acting out of the most cynical motives .
from june , 1942 , until december , 1945 , pfaff served in the army air corps .
2 .
she was just not able to break the spell .
she arrived late and as she entered the party , noted that gentlemen seemed to be in the majority ; ;
there was no telling how she'd react to spending money '' .
there was good fortune and there was bad and philip spencer , in handcuffs and ankle irons , knew it to be a truth .
the british , although suffering considerable losses , noted the defection of the marylanders , made a stand , then turned and attacked morgan who became greatly outnumbered and had to retire .
simply enough , through the inadvertent agency of his brother-in-law .
in assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961 , the question , as always , is the prospect for general business activity .
hence , when the address af is computed from af , the cell af and all y-cells in its chain must be inspected to determine whether af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain .
the bonaventure was quivering and lurching like an old spavined mare .
a posse is formed and pursues the robbers , who , having made their escape , are whooping it up with some wild , wild women in a honky-tonk hide-out .
mrs. huntley was held on $20,000 bond in phoenix .
poet nodded to nick and entered the water in a similar fashion .
just as he knew that she had stopped loving him .
it is the wages of sin , and its sting is the law .
the return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of pliers ( to prevent the spring from unwinding when it is released ) , loosening the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved .
reverend jason was understandably bitter .
yes , the boy's credentials were in order -- scholastic transcript , character references , picture , health record , successful college boards .
`` maybe .
judge bootle's decision : `` the two plaintiffs are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color '' .
the colonel crouched tensely on one of the folding chairs , methodically tearing at his thumbnail .
but one wishes , when the appetite is whetted , as it was in the case of the all-too-brief excerpt from the blomdahl opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions .
`` i wrote bill in my last letter to forget that i had told him that i didn't mean to reconsider my decision not to change my mind -- and he seems to have misunderstood me '' .
this procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment .
designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation ; ;
evegeni dubovskoi conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent soloists -- the violin solos by the concertmaster , guy lumia , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity .
we found in gonzales v. united states , supra , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant .
at last he noticed a return of the inwardness of pain .
`` don't even send flowers .
bridget was born in ireland , one of fourteen children .
`` i'm a little groggy .
he was holding out for something .
`` got us an old station wagon .
she had , with her own work-weary hands , put seeds in the ground , watched them sprout , bud , blossom , and get ready to bear .
`` mom '' marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between parolees and society .
his head hung over the boards of katie's stall ; ;
continuing deficits of anything like this magnitude would , over time , impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the free world .
`` i'm not trying to worry you '' .
but the united states and the union of soviet socialist republics nevertheless did eventually agree on an atomic bomb test ban , and a sort of provisional acceptance of each other's good intentions on this limited question .
for him to ignore the political consequences involved in an atlantic union of this kind is difficult to understand .
he ran for the sick room , found his pistol was broken , and threw it away .
out '' .
the attendant waved me on .
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the secretary of the interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 )
the suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment .
she was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay , but -- and here jones and loveless and ulyate were holding breath for all they were worth -- she never quite caught up that last bound .
`` it took me five hours to write it that way '' .
director of engineering at philco of great britain , ltd. , and vice president in charge of production and assistant to the president at the brush development co. , cleveland , ohio .
but because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot rodder must necessarily be a mathematician .
`` running around in the moonlight almost naked and slugging a man with a rock '' ? ?
best bet for tonight : that darlin' dazzler from paree , genevieve , opening in the empire room .
for answers to such questions we must turn to the anthropologists , the biologists , the historians , the psychologists , and the sociologists .
thus , 1745 corresponded to the invention of the `` leiden '' jar by kleist , 1764 that of the electrophorus by wilcke , 1782 produced the condenser of volta , and 1801 the voltaic pile .
however , because this vulnerability is mutual , it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the opponent's cities , at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect reprisal .
hanging on and on past any man's patience some final stab of conclusion ? ?
miss ada had been out back , in a straw hat , planting flowers .
her hum became a gurgle of surprise .
and not for one moment did she believe that myra had settled down .
at first each child should do a kick-up by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help .
mrs. ten eyke did mental health .
we are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ;
demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the medical service instructor's conference , brooke army medical center , texas .
to those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally , or politically , or sociologically antiquated ( and i have reason to know that there are some such ) , i would like to say what i have already hinted , namely , that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that i am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind .
`` such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature .
but the only ideal he can think of is `` sales '' ! !
women's recreation association .
`` probably just stepped out '' , he said .
the things left unsaid they both felt deeply , and with a sigh they fell back on the well-stuffed pillows .
the large amount of vegetable grindings from the grocery store in the shopping center created a suspended solids problem .
he said that mr. wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that miriam was waving in the air .
an imaginative storyteller , pimen takes on the character he describes , as if he were experiencing the old shepherd's blindness and miraculous cure .
nonresident aliens in puerto rico .
religion integrates and unifies .
determine the average per capita income for the united states for the last three years .
he said to his partner .
i'll see you later '' .
they are the only poems that he rearranged as a group between their first appearance ( in satires of circumstance ) and the publication of the collected poems .
many of them , moreover , are beginning to complain about the scarcity of western amusements and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the mullah , and the peasant .
this was working by the end of august and giving satisfactory service .
there was one particular word that troubled his conscience .
the only means of interior light is the twenty-nine-foot-wide aperture in the stupendous dome .
red china is trying to do this , and she is not likely ever to succeed .
`` that's a lot of hard-earned money to lose '' , he says today .
after that , violence was exultantly easy .
the relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value .
but how could -- ? ?
in the event the total of rupees accruing to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of $1,276 million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately .
carrying it to the living room , she imagined the picture she made : tall and roundly slim , a bit sophisticated in her yellow sheath , with a graceful swingy walk that she had learned as a twirler with the school band .
the pain was gone , though it had been crippling the first time .
the moral is : don't transplant it any oftener than you must .
we have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear algebra .
it was a district of small factories and loft buildings and occasional tenements , and he could see the police radio car as he rounded the corner and slammed on the brakes .
he ate litle that morning , and his mother became concerned , inasmuch as he usually ate heartily .
there they all did their uttermost to help cousin elec get a cramp out of his foot .
`` are you trying to cut your throat '' ? ?
and any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether .
greg had the stick forward and the throttle up before he heard the two `` rogers '' .
`` it can't be wrong , can it ? ?
jump off is tomorrow night when the packs meet st. louis in their season home opener .
but we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb .
well , there wasn't any law that said i had to stay ! !
the trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the 49th parallel .
mrs. a. voorhees anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home , on monday .
the robe , however , was missing , for by that time barco had disposed of it at a pawnshop in glendale .
dr. johnson and william hazlitt of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in england ; ;
resting sweetly in jesus' control .
no one saw stacy leave .
it is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in rhode island .
churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; ;
the dictionary is a form dictionary , at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries .
he may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or threshing , and for these , he may have to wait his turn .
when she awoke , she was the ship .
ethics and peace
handley married freya and red , of the red beard , married anta .
hence changes in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time .
less than 60-1 , but at least 6-1 .
if it is owned , taxes must be paid , and if the place is not free of mortgage , there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of .
`` you look like you just heard a real gasser , mr. partlow '' .
maybe you will surprise yourself .
if he's going to the st. louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it .
`` get it out '' , brannon ordered .
against my folks' wishes , we'd been seeing each other for short rides in the truck .
we produce peanut oil , but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed .
`` imagine being able to laugh and wink when you're like the top part of that picture frame at home '' , one of them said .
some families place undue emphasis on food : conversations center on it , and rich delicacies are offered as rewards , withheld as punishment .
there are in the almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new epicycle will be required for dealing with abberations in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior .
faced with a gesture like di bosis' , i find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend .
the secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense .
white people hold the line as long as they can , and in as many ways as they can , from verbal intimidation to physical violence .
no doubt mrs. meeker had snubbed him many a time and he felt no grief over her passing .
we need joint chiefs of a political general staff '' .
it came up again and again in the discussion sessions .
as for his promise -- oh , he had plenty of time , buckets of time .
blockade is one answer offered by experts .
they lay on his lap , palms up , stiffly motionless , the tapered fingers a little thick at the joints .
oh , katharine's awfully nice , and pretty too , i like katharine -- let's ask katharine to go with us , she's always lots of fun -- katharine --
mrs. mcintosh buell will leave sunday to return to her home in santa barbara , calif. , after spending a week in her polo grounds home .
both turned in top jobs for the second straight game .
the following generalizations about the emotional characteristics of elementary-school children may be helpful .
`` that's a fact , mr. partlow .
in many instances it can withhold or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts .
he hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both , but highest among his hates were looking glasses : he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to smithereens .
i'm going to let him tell it to somebody else '' .
`` no , millie , i'm home .
if the turn was too tight , a barrel roll would bring them out .
a deft , hilarious satire on very high french society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort .
therefore , we have measured two different characteristics .
the sharp ray was absorbed by a cloud , then reflected to the earth in a softer , diffused radiance .
to those raised on marcel's homo viator and heidegger's das nichtige , this may seem a modest role for philosophy .
tonight atlantic monthly editor edward weeks moderates a round table of four russian writers in a discussion of soviet literature .
time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the insubstantial mythologies of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious .
`` how you going to work with a child hanging on you '' ? ?
if you have taken this stroll in the morning , and you have the time and inclination , walk to the right along the crowded corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the palazzo doria ( open sunday , tuesday , and thursday , 10:00 to 1:00 ) .
still no answer .
mostly , it was fear , but this woman's voice didn't tremble and her hands were still on the coverlet .
the plane was sent back to the united states , for a change , but castro kept the crazy gunman , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution .
ludie hopped rides on freight cars , and was chased by mr. yankton , the railroad guard .
however , one must expect that vaporization and ejection of material by hypervelocity impacts would cause a deviation from a linear relationship .
all you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time '' .
as our planes land the war materiel that kills pro-western katangans , we stand supinely bleating while nehru's troops smash into a five-hundred-year-old district of our nato ally , portugal .
is ! !
the boys love it '' .
i'm supposed to joke about things , aren't i ? ?
this material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample .
i hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart , will get busy and be the first member of our `` plus-one '' shelter club .
so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected .
this theme comes to represent the outer world , the realm of battles and banquets -- seen from a distance , quite distinct from the quieter spiritual life in the monastery .
something had to give .
many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis .
in the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently .
within the individual the reaction has been called various names , all , however , pointing to the same basic experience .
be excited and don't identify yourself .
you may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- i certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all american strength with over-all soviet strength finds the united states not only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of u.s.-soviet relations for the foreseeable future .
it made me feel good and knowing that she'd decided , all on her own , to go to college right here in town made me feel good , too .
hickory hill ( star's pride-venus hanover ) has gone in 2:33 ; ;
scotty was neutral .
the breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city blight account for the decline of central city churches .
he threw the lasso .
i don't even remember who wrote it but it was one of those 15th or 16th century poets .
it has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ;
there are other symptoms .
the author of crystal structures is ralph w.g. wyckoff , university of arizona , tucson , arizona .
they are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school .
the fear of punishment just didn't bother him .
the tendency to treat elections as an instrument of self-interest rather than an instrument of national interest had two important effects on electoral planning in morocco .
she's not going to get away with it .
in fact , there is much evidence to indicate they don't care a bit about anything beyond their particular regional , ethnic and occupational limits .
vernon was serviceable on the botanical field trips , but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks , and he was glad when the trips dropped off , and the botanists began to motor out by themselves .
ierulli , 29 , has been practicing in portland since november , 1959 .
orchestra , band , and choir have auditions during the week preceding the first day of classes .
`` tailin' '' was the throwin' of an animal by the tail in lieu of a rope .
here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which persian music is divided .
from the saddlebags , hung on a hitchcock chair , david took out a good english razor , a present from john hunter .
eileen was a psychologist all right .
the effects of television and other mass media are erasing regional dialects and localisms with a startling force .
we must justify our heritage .
madden said that he would see him at two and made another call , this one to mrs. meeker's lawyers .
`` i am '' , he said .
small rooms , probably for cards , opened off on either side .
`` why , no , ma'am '' , he replied , `` this church belongs to me '' ! !
raymond e. killingsworth , 72 , died sunday at his home at 357 venable st. , aj .
in the same way i like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our state .
oh , yes , i'm quite sure it's important , because of the beech pasture .
one way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our society's organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before .
old world and new world .
alone with the fabulous byron ! !
in the matter of money state's most unrelenting watchdog during the eisenhower years was representative john j. rooney , of brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses .
with each song he gave verbal footnotes .
writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this cause-and-effect universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot .
the economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it `` even more unlikely that the federal reserve will aggressively tighten monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958 '' .
what he was about became clear to her with the circulation of another broadside proclamation by general mcclellan , threatening reprisals against rebel guerrillas .
the breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all realms of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the disintegrative processes .
let us differentiate a few of these ideas .
but there is no question of a visa .
`` and also , sir , two articles which were considered souvenirs now must be regarded in another light entirely .
their reason : holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended .
if the superintendents do not receive more cooperation from handlers , it has been suggested that licensed judges also be qualified to judge this class .
now that's just fine ! !
esther jumped up , ran to him and gave him a little hug .
these are personality factors ; ;
handsome bachelor charley was a favorite date of many of hollywood's glamor gals for years .
in 1707 an earthquake in japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the inland sea ; ;
du pont's counterproposal was filed on may 14 , 1958 .
in his mind he spoke simultaneously the english sentence and the martian word and felt closer grokking .
headquarters of the nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days , threatening to expand beyond its boundaries .
secretion
during late childhood boys like to tease , jostle , and talk smart to girls ; ;
he started toward the stairway , then turned to add , `` tell her to come to adams's room , that adams is in trouble .
forcing them into management can only create trouble .
clumps of brush rode down the ribbon .
`` my feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no alternative , irrespective of some of the arguments about him .
`` meet the artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the greater philadelphia section of the national council of jewish women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the philmont country club on april 8 and 9 .
position these using six intermediate temporary af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` a '' .
the u.n.'s ' gravest crisis '
more recently , polyethers -- again in varied compositions , molecular weights , and branching -- have come into use at first for the flexible foams , just lately for the rigids .
the word marina was coined by naebm originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort .
-- creative prayer experiences
where before had she felt or dreamt or imagined such a scene ? ?
an interregnum ensues in which not men but ideas compete for existence .
he had spoken to mrs. .
`` that's authenticity '' , he said .
if , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; ;
lauren said , `` why can't i call my home ? ?
its purpose was to find ways of offsetting the united states' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959 .
and a very young one , swan necklace , tried to emulate them and followed timidly .
the car door crashed shut .
he called her `` fatso '' .
ideal for merchandising use , they are weather-resistant , and have mounting pegs on the back which fit into openings in a vacuum-formed waffle-pattern background panel .
you don't want to lease a place way out in the sticks .
`` monsieur favre indicated that if i would co-operate , after you and william are banished , following the debate , i will be given a place of influence '' .
basic mapping
the beatnik , seceding from a society that is fatally afflicted with a deathward drive , is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present .
martha picked up the hem of her gown and with eyes closed she slowly began to dance a stately minuet around the ballroom .
they come in crisp basket weaves in natural honey hues , along with lacey open weaves with a lustre finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors .
annapolis , jan. 7
`` dealing faro '' .
he caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate .
aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million .
information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the office of minerals exploration , u.s. department of the interior , washington 25 , d.c. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below .
`` i've been careful about fingerprints .
in addition , the office's domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ;
charge lists 3 checks
all the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' .
no one anticipates any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised .
' we tremble not '
it is an understandable paradox that most american history and most american literature is today written from an essentially egocentric and isolationistic point of view at the very time america is spreading her dominion over palm and pine .
she came to new york from detroit as a teenager , but with a `` sponsor '' instead of a chaperone .
pure fire ( the stars ) is in the heavens .
others huddled under the trees outside the fence .
`` i wish you good luck , but please don't dig up too tough a case for me this close to election .
diametric opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all .
meanwhile , the experts speak of wars triggered by `` false pre-emption '' , `` escalation '' , `` unauthorized behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report .
they went up against an ss unit of comparable size , over a little rise of ground , over an open field .
the photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. i.d. pyrex tubing , 5.5 cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only liquid-glass interfaces and not gas-glass interfaces .
he spoke soothingly .
well , we're taking a little vacation , that's all '' .
the circle came nearer and nearer .
each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize .
the shock therapies act likewise on the hypothalamic balance .
then he might finally recognize it , apparently by combining the visual blot , actually being seen , with tactual feelings in the head or body accompanying the tracing movements .
sandburg is in constant demand as an entertainer .
still more time was consumed while the pilot , at the radioed suggestion of continental president robert six , tried to persuade the armed pair to swap the boeing jet for a propeller-driven douglas aj .
this must be due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal .
sameness for the old man was framed in by a wall of ginkgo trees which divided these quarters from the city .
as he relaxed that day , martin realized how tense he had been these past weeks .
such writers as william faulkner and robert penn warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of post-bellum renaissance .
yalta left us with comforting illusions of a western capitalist-democratic political economy reigning supreme up to the curzon line and the borders of bessarabia '' ( italics added )
so , `` how about it '' ? ?
she quickly exploited the exalted position she now occupied , by harassing the disorganized males and even putting many of them to death .
sidney fields , years of experience as a new york columnist ; ;
that's where he was when hans found him '' .
probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles .
as shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his memorizing of simple elements .
nightclubs
rousseau's primitivism , the anti-newtonian mythology of blake , coleridge's organic metaphysics , victor hugo's image of the poets as the magi , and shelley's `` unacknowledged legislators '' are related elements in the rear-guard action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism .
looking back i saw a gray-haired man getting out of his halted car and trying to read our license number .
let's be fine superior people of great dignity '' , he said as if he were joking .
next , let us consider briefly the program and administrative implications of a failure on our part to pursue our appeals .
it places certain values at least beyond questioning and tampering .
in a sense , einstein's theory is simpler than newton's , and there is a corresponding sense in which copernicus' theory is simpler than ptolemy's .
he stared out the window .
he scrawled `` sorry '' across the bottom of the note and then , against his better judgment , added : `` don't you eat '' ? ?
`` i think i can do a better job with the glove , now that i know the hitters around the league a little better '' , he said .
that which follows will be a discussion of principles and possible content for an over-all concept of antisubmarine warfare .
not really .
syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties .
i said sure that was what i wanted her to do but she paid no attention .
other tax-exempt bonds of state and local governments hit a price peak on february 21 , according to standard & poor's average .
`` you could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , dictate an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary labors .
it still took him another few seconds to remember the job he had done for frank ackerly .
with a small bomb , i tuck it between cadillacs .
a detachment of six men from the 701st chemical maintenance company under first lt. howard d. beckstrom went aboard , followed by lt. thomas h. richardson , the cargo security officer .
despite efforts by washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting , it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war .
perier's intrigues gained some successes .
the apostolic community was literally an elite : chosen by christ himself .
a few yards beyond the group of men , a man's nude body lay face down on a patch of thick green dichondra .
no records are available as to the date or extent of installation , but it may have been in 1896 .
consider the traditional `` four fields '' of philosophy : logic , ethics , epistemology and esthetics .
here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target :
in the famous danbury hatters case , a suit was brought against the union by the loewe company for monopolistic practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer .
it is the first part of the regulation that is currently at issue .
they don't expect to stop him , just slow him down some with the bat .
to the pope , head of the universal church , to the duke of burgundy , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of france and of the empire , or to othon , who found it quite natural that he should do homage to edward for tipperary and to the count of savoy for grandson , flotte's outspoken nationalism was completely incomprehensible .
in finding the optimal r-stage policy from that of af stages , only the function af is needed .
deterrent
but after the doctor's return that night alex could see , from the high window in his own room , the now familiar figure crouched on a truly impressive heap of towels , apparently giving its egg-hatching powers one final chance before it was replaced in its office by a sure-enough hen .
when the telephone rang on the day after hino went down to the village , rector had a hunch it would be hino with some morsel of information too important to wait until his return , for there were few telephones in the village and the phone in rector's office rarely rang unless it was important .
she inquired .
brush frankfurter twists with about 1/2 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown .
believe me ! !
according to the food and drug administration ( fda ) , `` doctor '' ghadiali , dr. albert abrams and his clique , and dr. wilhelm reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in distributing 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines .
if , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , new , york-mind , dross , they , also printed , malraux , , silone , , chiaromonte , , gide , bellow , , robert lowell , francis fergusson , mary mccarthy , delmore schwartz , mailer , elizabeth hardwick , eleanor clark , , and a host of , other good writers .
it is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free commonwealths that they will control in all circumstances involving jews and gentiles during coming years .
a visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area .
the peace corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost .
the head is mounted on a horizontal arm that swivels on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work .
that its choreography is undistinguished and its score a shapeless assemblage of self-plagiarisms .
report others held
shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station .
there was to be roast chicken with dressing , giblet gravy , asparagus , new peas with a sprig of mint , creamed onions , and mashed potatoes -- all chosen , prepared , and cooked by viola herself .
and all this too shall pass away : it came to him out of some dim corner of memory from a church service when he was a boy -- yes , in a white church with a thin spur steeple in the patriarchal hudson valley , where a feeling of plenitude was normal in those english-dutch manors with their well-fed squires .
the civilizational crisis , the third type of change raises the question `` what are we to do '' ? ?
mr. felix miranda , of the imperial knife co. ; ;
`` the ship is huge '' , said macneff , `` but the number of military men and specialists we are taking limits the linguists to one .
`` it's ten o'clock .
the money's here , all of it '' .
we are often told that the comedie has , unfortunately , life-contracts with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the comedie by staying off the stage .
except that no state shall have an allotment percentage less than 33-1/3% nor more than 75% .
and the action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction .
they love to dust , scrub , polish , wax floors , move the furniture around from place to place , take down the curtains , put up new ones and have themselves a real ball .
( which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , peppery fare .
he was forced to wipe his eyes .
they've been in dallas since 1921 .
it was going to stay forever .
since our viewpoints in this respect coincided precisely , we present the fruits of our efforts herewith as a single social code for pool owners .
competitors came to receive higher percentage of general motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend stemmed `` at least in part '' from the needs of general motors outstripping du pont's capacity .
now , here was something of obvious importance to me , yet when i reached for the tickets he snatched them away from my hand .
leaning out , she could see a tangle of rosebush and honeysuckle , one not quite come to bloom , one just beyond it .
`` and i sort o' got a corner on the market '' .
it was only fitting that we seek out whatever joy our union might bring .
drill 20 no. 47 holes in the upper piece `` a '' as shown in fig. 7 .
with every leaping stride of the horse beneath him he crossed one more patch of earth that had been his , that he would never see again .
she haunted me ; ;
what ? ?
the boldness of champions
the evidence in court was testimony about the interview , which for holmes lasted an hour , although at least one white student at georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation .
he was tasting his mouth .
and at his last commencement , in that year , dr. tucker and dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors attesting to the new stature of the college .
others added that juet had wanted to turn the ship homeward .
burlington aviator john j. burns suggested the parade ground southwest of fort ethan allen , and soon a dozen hastily-summoned national guard pilots were bringing their wide-winged `` jenny '' and dehaviland two-seaters to rest on the frozen sod of the military base .
cites discrepancies
parker certainly had much more of an influence .
and , slowly , feeling himself icy yet burning , hal turned .
kearton focussed his field glasses .
he did not , as far as i can gather , find the south `` worse '' ; ;
and it was because of an old norberg inheritance that i got to understand them all so well .
chandler understood this and expected the worst .
but the form in which the claim must be stated need not be different from what the state exacts in the enforcement of like obligations created by it , so long as a requirement does not add to , or diminish , the right as defined by federal law , nor burden the realization of this right in the actualities of litigation '' .
joseph brown continued in business by himself , quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world .
`` it'll take a lot to replace it '' .
( c )
indeed , we should say , on the contrary , that the accident of our later discovery made no difference whatever to the badness of the animal's pain , that it would have been every whit as bad whether a chance passer-by happened later to discover the body and feel repugnance or not .
all over the country , belly clubs have never been bigger , especially in detroit , boston and chicago , and even in small towns ; ;
`` did he ever visit here when he was a kid '' ? ?
short shorts on the campus
for phosphor to fiber and fiber to air surfaces , and assuming af , we obtain af percent .
some students from the university returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week .
experience showed , however , that it is very difficult to paint a dark umber background in fresco that will not dry out spotty and uneven .
the sounds from the quarry began to pulse in her ears .
money , so important a theme elsewhere in dickens , is here central , and hands are often associated in some way with the false values -- acquisitiveness , snobbery , self-interest , hypocrisy , toadyism , irresponsibility , injustice -- that attach to a society based upon the pursuit of wealth .
in spreading the factories even farther , the automobile may not have changed to any great extent the growth pattern of the cities .
salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management .
`` god rest her soul , she was a sweet one .
-- those were his very first creative words -- he began the world with light -- this god still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness .
according to the medical examiner she was shot between eleven p.m. and one a.m. .
harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare '' .
the entire membership of the local church must be alerted to their part in this dynamic process .
in the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive .
the breakthrough ; ;
the first is that enforcement of national law in state litigation raises in reverse the old diversity puzzle of the relation of procedure to substance .
it was fantastic writing , beautiful writing , the man declared , but the public , he insisted , wanted realism .
finally there are the parent organizations and the laymen's organizations such as the national association of parents and teachers , and the citizens committee on public schools .
she didn't want to be the only one with a stove in her room , especially as her life span was nearly run out anyway , and she insisted that hope have the heater .
some look deliberately to devices used by creators in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work .
`` just go the hell on '' .
can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained first-aid man who works full-time on some other assignment ? ?
when they were ready to leave , benson and ramey walked back around the rear of the trailer .
one could hardly blame newbold morris , the parks commissioner , for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms , its balcony , its generous wings and even its impressive trapdoors for the use of the villains .
there's better things to do than listen to something like that .
if the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation .
she is a beautiful filly and likes to trot .
i don't mean a few aesthetes who play about with sensations , like a young prince in a miniature dabbling his hand in a pool .
and after several correspondents went into pathet lao territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the southeast asia treaty organization .
we do know that morse left the house before nine o'clock .
new jersey folk need not be told of the builder's march to the sea , for in a single generation he has parceled and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain .
in the modern english `` whodunnit '' , this insinuation of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared .
students testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy .
heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface .
they would go to new york together , where parties would be piled on weariness and on misery .
he still had three miles to go .
the ,
in the past , the men and women have chartered planes to las vegas and jamaica , buses to mineral wells and kerrville and private railway coaches to shreveport and galveston .
when served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to assimilate the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical handicaps to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities .
morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the schuylkill river , with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy .
he had nothing much to say to her but that he said anything seemed to please her and he accompanied her on some of her unusually searching tours of tokyo .
just because she had a part on the stage in the old country , she thought she could carry her head higher than ours '' .
that's how he first won the masters in 1958 .
by now he had become regius professor of modern history at cambridge and had been honored by the award of the order of merit .
since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed .
as the cloth dried , more of the mixture was applied , and after twenty-four hours the felon was supposed to be `` killed '' .
little can be done about the changing of dates .
the contemporary painter tends to depict not the concrete objects of his experience but their essences as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies .
previous presentations have been on french , spanish , russian , italian , german and japanese .
it would have been easy to identify as opium by its odor .
the nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei , but the symmetry of the af bond in af remains in doubt .
he was about 50 years old .
the artist looks at an ankle , a calf , a bosom and , in his mind's eye , the clothes drop away and he sees her as she really is .
he felt a good deal less shaky .
he realized now he had more than half hoped he wouldn't find him -- that muller would not be here , that the attempt would be scheduled for somewhere beyond hoag's control .
it was probably one of kipling's tales of the british army .
the south's antipathy to northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners , harsh accents , lack of appreciation of the arts of living like gastronomy and the use of leisure .
these two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage .
the observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be , like the models he sees , even more like everybody else .
when mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns .
how much study is required ? ?
set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom .
to include in feed , add phenothiazine to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily .
he would have to work without questioning the motives which made him work and content himself with the thought that the eventual victory , however it was brought about , would be sweet indeed .
on the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with arabic writing .
efficiency of fiber couplers
( 2 )
didn't john cooper , after all this time , deserve something better of life ? ?
marketing in the new decade will be no picnic -- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last 20-25 yrs. .
i guess you know about that .
played mostly on the freeways around los angeles , it goes like this :
but not general burnside .
the gala is the thrift shop's annual bundle party and , as all thrift shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , bric-a-brac and such to stock the shelves at the shop's headquarters at 1213 walnut st. .
`` uhhu '' , she muttered .
it was time to go up myself '' .
the effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations .
there are three levels on which to treat the subject .
we would all meet at ten o'clock at the kehl bridge , five miles from strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into germany .
as a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion .
inability to care for the other children , difficulty in feeding the babies , who seemed colicky , bone-weary fatigue , repeated crying episodes , and short tempers reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the stressful situation .
`` did you think there were two '' ? ?
his early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of wanderings in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to cambridge and its surrounding countryside .
`` i've got to get her '' .
neither mantle nor maris need fear being classified an intellectual , but lately mantle has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual opus , henry miller's `` tropic of cancer '' .
pianists leon fleisher , ruth slenczynka and stephen bishop and conductor earl bernard murray .
the street cleaner had not yet been around .
thoroughly modern in treatment , they are at the same time , full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine negro folk-music and are by no means to be confused with the average ' broadway spirituals ' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the ' amen corner ' , ' judgement day , ' gabriel's horn , and a frustrated devil -- with a few random hallelujahs thrown in for good measure .
like its long-lived cousin , the refrigerator , a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more .
a sympathetic friend made poultices of raw potato parings , which she said was the best and quickest way to draw out the `` heat '' .
stifled her lungs so that her breath came in harsh gasps ; ;
ma poked her toe in the kid's clothes .
from the rather tortuous history of electoral planning in morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results .
his colors are dark and murky , and his landscapes and cityscapes seem swallowed in gloom .
in his effort to stir the public from its lethargy , steele goes so far as to list catholic atrocities of the sort to be expected in the event of a stuart restoration , and , with rousing rhetoric , he asserts that the only preservation from these `` terrours '' is to be found in the laws he has so tediously cited .
but i'm pleased to hear '' --
but this was no ordinary show and andy knew it .
let your pupils learn on someone else , doctor .
other than this very significant result , most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation .
this was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd .
the application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical .
but we are to believe that lindemann actively supported radar outside the tizard committee , and dissembling , discounted it inside ? ?
her great love of flowers and plants and birds ; ;
now go '' ! !
feverishly , he tried to brush away this intuition .
my mother was deeply religious .
thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency .
he had come to learn that a reputation for peculiarity allowed mere field officers a certain leeway at court ; ;
carefully , he undid the bow .
otherwise , the silence was complete .
that is , maybe not too much of a lady .
( e. f. casassa , h. j. notarius )
still i didn't think she was twotiming me with precious right then .
it's a wonder , really , to how much mendacious trouble larkin puts himself to sell the jerebohms that preposterous manse .
who won is not revealed , but winslow's daughter eleanor says they got up to 1,212 words .
but he isn't with it , not at all with it .
soon the child , the dog , the cat and even the cheese , all joined them out there in the circle .
one sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at 375-degrees-c , showed the presence of adsorbed water ( about 0.3 wt ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature .
to small business
talleyrand passed his new york law office one night on the way to a party .
police account
the big man asked again , taking a step into the boxcar .
`` a gift horse to be viewed with suspicion '' .
it was as though the biwa had been eaten up by the wind .
yet if washington gets too indignant about soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast footwork if america decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count .
`` sic semper tyrannis '' , it said mildly .
`` mough -- it's my mough '' , the man said , trying to talk without moving his lips .
in affirming this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led .
the concierge called out to them as they were passing through the foyer .
gear ratio -- speed relationships
then o'banion was presented with a platinum watch set with rubies and diamonds .
in the villages people lined up to give us flowers .
other pigments were mostly raw umber , some burnt umber , and a little yellow ochre .
we don't 'low nigras to walk on the same sidewalk with white men where i come from .
she went into the living room and turned on three lamps , then back into the kitchen where she turned on the ceiling light and the switch that lit the floods on the barn , illuminating the driveway .
as a result , money is spent quickly and freely , with no thought of its value .
the common ultimate values , ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor .
in one hand she clutched a hundred dollar bill and in the other a straw suitcase .
america has divided more than she has united the west .
dr. hilprecht was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream .
only bucky harris , the `` boy-manager '' of washington in 1924 , and eddie dyer of the st. louis cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the feat .
with his free hand he pulled a pad and pencil toward him and began to make notes as he listened , saying , `` uh-huh '' and `` i see '' at intervals .
his foster parents had taught him to see .
they can hire a horse and go ski-joring behind him , or move out to oak hill , where there's a lift .
in the story of bright and the corn law agitation , the crimean war , the american civil war , and the franchise struggle trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long .
-- for its final change of bill in its london season , the leningrad state kirov ballet chose tonight to give one of those choreographic miscellanies known as a `` gala program '' at the royal opera house , covent garden .
i won't be in town for a couple of days , though , and there's that case i was supposed to handle this afternoon .
a foolish thought came into his head .
one finds it difficult to pass censure on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his zealously served idol , w.r. hearst .
susan stared at him with hurt blue eyes that gushed an instant grief ; ;
the road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into boston .
all search was ended ; ;
yes .
somehow our contemporary moloch must be induced to see reason .
boxell did not have the chance to grow up graciously .
a month later the general court served notice to the town of newbury that the bridge was to be built .
he unhitched his horse , walked it away , mounted , and spurred it on .
the defensiveness has been exaggerated by another bad habit , our tendency to rate the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we circulate about ourselves .
grazie was mean : quietly mean , and bitterly , unfunnily sarcastic .
perhaps , even , though this is too much to wish , find the forerunner himself '' ? ?
`` my god , i'm shot '' ! !
5 .
premier khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the u. s. for the u-2 incident .
mr. d'albert has a firm , attractive tone , which eschews an overly sweet vibrato .
but marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved .
with a democratic administration , party patronage would normally begin to flow to mississippi if it had held its democratic solidarity in the november election .
for them , providing appetizing food under battle or emergency conditions is a paramount consideration .
after the surprise was over , linda was almost as pleased as anyone with john's good luck , though she agreed with bobbie's decision some months later to move to funk furnaces .
that is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may involuntarily cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the intrusion and prevent further pain .
strange .
he is no dextrous-fingered college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and bashful apostle of this instrument .
president kasavubu became exasperated with lumumba and fired him .
`` we misjudged you '' , he said slowly .
by spring it would be a skeleton .
but since last fall the united states has been moving toward a pro-neutralist position and now is ready to back the british plan for a cease-fire patrolled by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers .
i cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far naughtier manner on tv every week .
the observed intensity of the radio emission of venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity , although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 10 cm is like that of a black body at about 600-degrees .
some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual .
new york , n.y. ; ;
the texans won the game through ball control , with quarterback cotton davidson throwing only 17 passes .
naval procedure , he thought , had its moments of grim humor .
but the other activities of his life partook of these values .
( p. j. flory , c. a. j. hoeve ) chain conformations of polymeric chains
the introduction of the united states pharmacopoeia reference standard in 1952 and the redefinition and equating of the usp and international units of thyroid-stimulating activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time .
what i'm getting at is that we were fully prepared for felix's being an odd one .
inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation .
among the subjects discussed will be russian restrictions on poets and writers in the ussr ( channel 9 at 9:30 ) .
the callous marines had laughed at each other's retching , while stacking bodies .
within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that `` everybody '' truthfully refers to the woman's husband .
sba business loans ; ;
sports writer ensign ritchie of the ogden standard examiner went to his compartment to talk with him .
he bit out the words .
this low bod was due to removal of the excess suspended solids by sedimentation since the only dilution was surface runoff which was very low during this study .
`` have they inherited some money or something '' ? ?
the principal of the school announced that -- despite the help of private tutors in hollywood and philadelphia -- fabian is a 10-o'clock scholar in english and mathematics .
but now ma .
it's perfectly normal for babies to suck their thumbs , and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old .
in spite of all the pitfalls , there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants .
david cortlandt was tired beyond almost the limits of his flesh .
`` is that a compliment '' ? ?
another yankee became so disgusted as to state : `` i wish to god one half of our officers were knocked in the head by slinging them against ( the other half ) '' .
but what you could not know , of course , was how smoothly the victorian fitzgerald was to lead into an american fitzgerald of my own vintage under whose banner we adolescents were to come , if not of age , then into a bright , taut semblance of it .
an important observation of pavlov served as a guide post to achieve such a reversibility by physiological means .
ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by president thomas jefferson , the white house has collected a hodgepodge of period pieces , few of them authentic or aesthetic .
dear god , at what a price .
sedgwick had chosen to follow the philosophy of epicurus whom , with his followers , dante put in hell ; ;
`` i try '' , felix said blithely .
the pulsing glow of a cigarette .
there hadn't been anything really personal in her interest in me .
the simple treaty principle that gabriel was asking him to ratify , in short , was nothing less than total trust .
instantaneously he would have won an immeasurable moral victory , for if she picked up , say , a pair of her panties , she might just as well lift his shorts lying alongside -- the expenditure of energy was almost the same .
and social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy , if not sympathy , toward resident and visiting northerners .
`` the town of buckhorn's only about six miles from here .
as cheerfully as possible , he said , `` well , i guess we could all do with a little drink '' .
the beehive voices , for no one could bear silence , drowned out the sound of mrs. lincoln's weeping .
it is only fairly recently , however , that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people .
you've been riding on a pink ticket for six years , you know that '' .
`` let him become honest , and they discard him .
naturally curly hair runs in my family .
as a result of these changed conditions , the impact of the organizational effort on agricultural labor-management relations has been much greater than in the past .
white wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their sweetness .
it is an ugly business and there are few , if any , wreaths for them .
something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us .
the symptoms saturday night were unmistakable .
the description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout southern maryland on police radio .
initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions .
now , although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as balzac , dickens , and poe , it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction .
one cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; ;
she was pale and skinny ; ;
a hundred years ago i would have worn a beard with pride .
only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem .
the water inlets are large enough to permit filling the wheel to an eight-inch level in less than two minutes , and the outlet is large enough to permit discharge of this same amount of water in less than two minutes .
he paused .
corporations now outmoded
the fins of a caddy were sticking out of the garage , while the inside of the house was a comfortable mixture of old and expensive contemporary furniture .
this region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously .
she was such a well-rounded teenager , having been a twirler , future farmers sweetheart , and secretary of future homemakers .
the material of the porter film is simplicity itself ; ;
one of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting , valued at $900 .
ask mr. keo '' .
her reply stung me , but this was too important to let my hurt make any difference .
they should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to christ our lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages .
presently she came out of the schoolhouse .
no airplanes , no nathan hale statements .
these songs ( practically all persian music , for that matter ) are limited to a range of two octaves .
evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided .
it is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable ; ;
he said he had never talked to liston '' .
an alabamian wrote : `` col. henry is ( an ignoramus ) fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn '' .
`` you were right '' , he said -- `` you and your engineer -- and i'm in something of a bind .
something all of them would regret .
in four opening chapters reminiscent of macaulay's famous third chapter , trevelyan surveys the state of england at the opening of the eighteenth century .
my plea was unanimously voted down and `` thrown out '' .
the point is at a latitude **yl , and the platform is at an error in heading east .
i feel obliged to describe this cubbyhole .
they had large bright eyes , the small upturned noses of all babies everywhere , and hair cropped short except for the long ringlets of paot framing their little white faces .
funeral for william joseph brett , 1926 ne 50th ave. , who died thursday in portland , will be monday 1 p.m. at the riverview abbey .
hot rodding is a science .
this has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular european press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied .
the sun grew hotter as it approached the midday .
she has small , broad , capable hands and an enormous energy .
of majestic build , rubicund and slash-mouthed , he resembled the late general winfield scott , who was said to be the most imposing general of his century , if not of all centuries .
`` what do you study '' ? ?
she wanted to go around the world , but she settled for a french holiday .
the first known telephone line in manchester was established in july 1883 between burr and manley's store at manchester depot and the kent and root marble company in south dorset .
`` why don't you bastards lay off for a while '' ? ?
the circuit court jurist said the boy will have a hearing in juvenile court .
stereo lso 1065 ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics .
the accuracy was deplorable .
under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out .
it differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any american college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates .
tim is a good man , hard working .
there was an extra pause here , a gasp or a sigh there , here and there an extra little twist of a word or note , all in the interest of effect .
many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary and political ; ;
he strode to answer the bell .
bonner explained that , with the nightclub's cooperation , the police had occupied el dorado like a battlefield .
did not the forerunner predict in his time and the world line that such a planet would be found ? ?
the moon
family loyalties and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations .
to pike , silence was tantamount to an admission of guilt , and he determined to get robinson onto the dueling ground at all costs .
it remained , however , for mando to teach me that doric symbolized strength , ionic wisdom , and corinthian beauty , the three pillars of the ancient world .
distances marked on the specimen in warp and filling directions ( or wales and courses for knitted fabrics ) are measured before and after laundering .
in order to equate the samples on socioeconomic status , we chose schools in both cities on the basis of socioeconomic status of the neighborhoods .
goethe used the fable to more elaborate ends .
the motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have polarized ; ;
those union members kept on their jobs , therefore , will not take a cut in their wages .
the weight advantage , plus greater durability of the plastic unit , yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping .
these changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole african population .
madden regretted not being able to find fault with so true a statement .
by his own confession , maris is an angry young man .
since it is not far from viareggio , he will visit puccini's house , as he never fails to do , to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of la boheme , which he considers one of puccini's masterpieces .
in the notre dame report , reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to `` luncheon-table communication '' .
above a dark green skirt she wore a pale green cashmere sweater with , as he soon perceived , no brassiere beneath .
i can't tell when , but i'm positive i witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! !
certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon .
it is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these negatively charged electrons in their orbits ; ;
maude had the cool ruthlessness to do whatever she made up her mind to do .
it was i who paid for our little home , the food , the liquor , the servants -- even letch's bills at his tailor and the los angeles athletic club .
`` come on , jorge '' .
at its most ecstatic moments , husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares .
the motorist later was identified as richard sarkees , 17 , of 2433 mcclellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive .
increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver abscesses .
the chinese world view during the han dynasty , when the lo shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the yin-yang and five-elements school , which was traditionally founded by tsou yen .
he tends to underestimate -- or perhaps to view charitably -- the brutality and the violence of the age , so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which hazes over some of its sharp reality .
one thing you can say about mr. lyford is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an american .
place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position .
longwood gardens , near kennett square , pa. ( about 12 miles from wilmington , del. ) , was developed and heavily endowed by the late pierre s. du pont .
educational policies are formed by several groups who are officially or unofficially appointed to act in the public interest .
if the situation had been bad , it now got worse .
he may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act uncritically in the press of affairs .
serves 12 .
somebody'll hafta start thinkin .
the group sets the styles in clothing , the kind of play engaged in , and the ideals of right and wrong behavior .
( e )
however , the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces .
this character could break him in half .
intervenes in case
.
he died before he could completely pay off his debts .
some of them are very delicious indeed , and there are many good ones exported -- unfortunately , along with others not so good , and worse .
that is , he did not claim in any of the four courts through which his case progressed that the jury charge had denied him any federal right .
the man must have leaped to his death from the topmost rung of the tultul .
by this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal .
`` such a church needs vigor and vitality in its rector and one man has only so much of these endowments '' , he told his members .
these are not governmentally subsidized organizations .
and after wilson had talked to mrs. catt and to others , he was absolutely amazed .
`` we are back with the ' met ' again now that the ' met ' is back in chicago '' , bulletins mrs. frank s. sims , president of the women's board of the university of chicago cancer research foundation .
few of the native jews who had lived in lublin were still in the ghetto .
to climax her roman revels , she was thrown out of the swanky hotel excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help .
he remembered every detail of his pre-assault movements but nothing of the final , desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy .
it is often stated that the submarine can be destroyed while building , at bases , in transit , and on station .
she picked her own middle-eastern friends from the flock of ardent egyptians that buzzed around her .
delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an all-time high ! !
geneva must remain a sovereign state .
more than 50% of all lumber is unitized ; ;
i shook him a little harder and made some noise .
`` the man was bent over with his hand on his stomach '' , berry said .
lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the p.d.i. in 1957 and the progressive istiqlal faction in 1958 , clamor for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power .
the assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later .
by assuring good liaison between the committees and the administration ; ;
the great advances made in recent years in communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated citizenry in the western world .
the desirability of preserving such places as the cape dunes and stone harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year .
and not one single dwelling left there , though once , in the early eighteenth century , there were close to a hundred houses .
the current was regulated by means of a variable resistor and measured with a 50 mv shunt and millivoltmeter .
they passed behind him and got to alex's room unnoticed .
only in one instance have we moved purposively and effectively to dislodge existing communist power : in guatemala .
in talks with mr. buckley last week in washington , the mayor apparently received the bronx leader's assent to dropping controller lawrence e. gerosa , who lives in the bronx , from this year's ticket .
at the moment , barco's back was to the road so he didn't see the detectives close in on his convertible which , in their quest for the stolen lap rug , they proceeded to search .
at geneva in 1954 , to get the war in indo-china settled , the british and french gave in to russian and communist chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a communist state , north viet nam -- which then , predictably , became a base for communist operations against neighboring south viet nam and laos .
foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ;
besides , that particular message does no more than weakly echo the roar in all fresh blood .
it was only a fifteen-minute flight , but before it was through greg felt himself developing a case of claustrophobia .
is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to hasten our own maturing process ? ?
is there some magic in it that assures results ? ?
after a while he began to feel better about it , especially when no one bothered to ask any questions .
he sent me for meltzer the butcher , whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi .
and bob skinner
kennedy made a midnight inspection of the square .
frankie nodded .
altogether fifteen virtually unknown rodgers and hart songs are sung by a quintet of able vocalists .
this conformational entropy is , in this case , equal to the usual entropy , for there are no other changes or other energies involved .
but he soon saw which way the ball was bouncing .
wilmette , aug. 7
lumpe worked a walk as the first batter to face hyde and romped around as siebern blasted hyde's next toss 415 feet over the scoreboard in right center .
in short order , the general history became his most popular work and has remained , aside from his later social history , the work most widely favored by the public .
she lived and was given a name .
`` maybe the society editor would remember a good-looking out-of-town bride '' .
he hadn't touched her .
it is permitted .
`` i'll get some ointment '' .
it is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable .
that's why the fda , the american medical association ( ama ) , and the national better business bureau ( bbb ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the $610 million or so paid to medical charlatans annually .
he was universally beloved by his neighbours , and the indians , who esteemed him , not only as a friend , but one high in communion with god in heaven '' .
the expectation is that first-level supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level .
look somewhere else .
only '' a new york hick would expect to find the literary life in greenwich village , at any point , later than walt whitman's day .
a man does not make that kind of gamble if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the `` family '' .
the recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained .
she had the feeling that , under the mouldering leaves , there would be the bodies of dead animals , quietly decaying and giving their soil back to the mountain .
her acting began with the birmingham repertory company and she soon became the toast of the west end .
the modes of the imagination implicit in athenian tragedy continued to shape the life of the mind until the age of descartes and newton .
this is no surprising trait for a ballplayer .
during the past year , great progress has been made by the weaving mills in creating new stretch and textured fabrics .
but he had sketched the women of tuscany in their fields and homes .
diocs -- define input/output control system
they lapsed into silence , and the freight wallowed up a hill , scooted down the other side , shaking and clanking to itself .
`` will you do it , phil '' ? ?
whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine .
he had sold oil stock to bob hope and bing crosby in person ; ;
into washington on president-elect john f. kennedy's convair , the caroline , winged actor-crooner frank sinatra and his close hollywood pal , cinemactor peter lawford , jack kennedy's brother-in-law .
everyone would know why ; ;
one cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space .
his spare time is spent in soaring gliders .
those qualities make esther marr a popular asset at the salvation army's social center at 1200 larimer st. .
he seemed very pleased with himself , as though some intricate scheme was working out exactly as he had planned .
in a climate hostile to agriculture , mr. clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques .
be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles .
`` hush '' , said uncle randolph , smiling , `` or i'll give you another black eye '' .
your feet are in bad shape , mrs. jones .
one finds , for example , that a terse and stereotyped verbal expression , seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention , reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings , and the most unconventional of meanings .
in haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings : a three-panel frieze , with a flying figure and a fallen figure ; ;
to figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way .
the planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ;
in addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes .
my friend often breakfasted with vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run .
`` you mean dream '' ? ?
he stared stonily at the floor .
a similar tone of underlying futility and despair pervades the spy thrillers of eric ambler and dominates the most famous of all american mystery stories , dashiell hammett's the maltese falcon .
he left the house and almost certain death without even increasing his pace and wondered by what remarkable stroke of providence he had been allowed to come out alive .
opera in the grand tradition , along with mah-jongg , seems to be staging a well-deserved comeback .
many of our very best friends are reformers .
operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state .
`` it must be awfully good for them .
otherwise , you'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use .
in recent months , much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current downtrend in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future .
yet one has to go back only some sixty years .
disputes stans column business scandal views
there is a tangible feeling in the air of revulsion toward politics .
this can be done to a high degree of accuracy by existing surveying techniques .
it is no coincidence that the texas cotton ginner's association is meeting here this week for the 46th time in their 52-year history .
the information cell af is saved to represent the text occurrence .
corroborating mr. hodges' figures was the federal reserve board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending march 4 .
phil decided to stay a little longer , and as time passed it seemed as if the strange little man had never been there , but for the other glass on the table .
more of an agricultural nation , they have relied on their warriors only for defense and for survival in the endless wars of the plains .
a $25 billion advertising budget in an $800 billion economy was envisioned for the 1970s here tuesday by peter g. peterson , head of one of the world's greatest camera firms , in a key address before the american marketing assn. .
economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted , but clearly specified ; ;
there was no question of that .
what now ? ?
when they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal .
economy in the use of power means more than inflicting a barely intolerable pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice opposed .
i am an attorney , not an instrument of vengeance '' .
there is a mediocre restaurant at sounion and i fed a thin little grecian cat and gave it two saucers of water -- there was no milk -- which it lapped up as though it were nectar .
`` i'll answer it '' .
the particle would then move toward the nose , where it could be wiped out with a wisp of cotton .
it raced closer and they could see a woman with white hair , sitting astride an upright branch .
mr. bolker heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts .
for two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the reef , trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw .
even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in .
there are a few prognoses of coming events .
nourishing meals
the imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap .
in addition to the incompleteness of science and the completeness of metaphysics , they differ in that science is essentially descriptive , while philosophy in its inherited forms , tends to be goal-oriented , teleological and prescriptive .
a man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family .
we keep getting the same ones back again and again .
after planking , the bottom gets a layer of fiberglas .
`` what train does mr. flannagan come out on '' ? ?
most on the ball .
eddie shouted .
read , for instance , in malcolm macdonald's borneo people of segura and her wise father tomonggong koh , and her final adjustment to encroaching civilization .
important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce depressions , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , maniclike changes .
the platform actually tilts off level so that the accelerometer output , when amplified by af , will supply the correct current to the gyro torquer to cancel the gyro drift .
that had only been a ruse to lure him out on the deserted road .
.
inevitably , mrs. hull died of starvation and tuberculosis , weighing 60 pounds .
`` but i have just thought of one thing .
i shoot up through the roof , into the sky , past the clouds , through the stratosphere , out beyond the moon , out among the planets , until i am over a hundred and fifty million miles long .
artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds .
but the stranger was nimbler still .
and on the summit of mount washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the himalayas `` because it is there '' .
moreover , man may not supplant or frustrate the physical arrangements established by god , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception .
expansion and relocation of industry in rhode island is the direct responsibility of the development council's industrial division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation .
place side by side in a 2-inch deep baking pan .
at the present time the research team which pioneered this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and perfecting it .
in 1931 mrs. f. h. briggs , agent and chief operator , who was to retire in 1946 with thirty years' service , led agency offices in sales for the year with $2,490 .
our most elemental and unavoidable impressions , he says , are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own , which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future .
no attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity .
everybody had accepted her for what she was -- a very charming girl .
both magazines were `` rigid with reactionary what-will-t. s. eliot-or-martin buber-think ? ?
talking of the rapid population growth ( upwards of 12,000 babies born daily ) with an immigrant entering the united states every 1-1/2 minutes , he said `` our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge '' .
but i've got news for krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special .
the burning air dried his sweat-soaked clothes in salt-edged patches .
from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , six courses were conducted : workshop in resident training in pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , application of histochemistry of pathology , orthopedic pathology , forensic sciences symposium , and forensic pathology .
the volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse .
just one or two swallows , he told himself , enough to lessen some of the pain .
`` see , argiento , if you control the way these folds are bunched , like this , or made to flow , you can enrich the body attitudes .
but the rest of it , the main part , wasn't based on logic at all .
in order to write with authority either about musicians , or as a musician , patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger , and change ( at least for the purposes of this poetry ) from a revolutionary to a victim .
what did it matter to him that the park at the foot of ash road stretched beneath elevated trains that roared from the stucco station into the city's center at half-hour intervals ? ?
dr. hester , of princeton , n.j. , is a native of chester , pa. he joined nyu in september , 1960 .
the capital budget , for construction of permanent improvements , becomes an appropriating document instead of just a calendar of pious promises ; ;
youngsters do business
and i found a radish .
the decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds and hearts of the individual members .
and this brings us inevitably to the 30- or 50-megaton bomb .
in both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality .
it usually means a confused and disgruntled tax-paying public for a period of time .
section 6(j) of the act , as we have held , does require the department's recommendation to be placed in a registrant's file .
there is therefore nothing about them to which an attitude of approval or condemnation could be fitting .
the duration of the digestive process varies , the pathologist says , but the empty stomach and the findings in the upper gastrointestinal tract indicate that mrs. meeker died several hours after her seven-o'clock dinner .
sturley on november 4 answered a letter from quiney written on october 25 which imported , wrote sturley , `` that our countriman mr. wm. shak. would procure us monei : which i will like of as i shall heare when , wheare & howe : and i prai let not go that occasion if it mai sort to ani indifferent condicions .
but the blevins were away ; ;
in the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is two-valued or no-valued on one side , and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side .
rather than viewing the abortive recovery in 1959-60 as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' .
he forced himself to stay frozen there .
in addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases , wounds , and injuries of military importance , it provides facilities for clinical photography , photomicrography , and medical arts , and operates a printing plant , by permission of congressional committee , for publication of an `` atlas of tumor pathology '' .
`` why don't you walk to school then '' ? ?
they were always trying so you got to expect it .
they were , in fact , children .
the local istiqlal and u.m.c.i.a. offices did not campaign and lost heavily .
you might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year .
now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim saturday , may 20th , 1961 , as armed forces day , reminding our citizens that we should rededicate ourselves to our nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty .
`` hit the bum '' ! !
we are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry's product .
he had ordered the ponies brought inside the fortified circle and had assigned pierre and a band of picked engages the job of trying to keep them steady under fire .
moreover , it is too readily forgotten that in the republic what gave the initial impetus to plato's excursus into the construction of an imaginary commonwealth with its ruling-class communism of goods , wives , and children , was his quest for a canon for the proper ordering of the individual human psyche ; ;
i.e. , burglars who rob while the tenants are absent , in contrast to hot-slough prowlers , those who work while the occupants are home .
what is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of french music that was moving toward the rococo .
he would cut a supremely ridiculous figure .
obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work .
similarly , the innovations of bop , and of parker particularly , have been vastly overrated by people unfamiliar with music , especially by that ignoramus , the intellectual jitterbug , the jazz aficionado .
it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk .
became `` yes , the first half hour is tough , but by then i'm so numb i don't notice it '' ! !
it is interesting that a 1 : 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils , so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent .
i understand very well about lauro di bosis and how his action is symbolic .
end of film .
the gift is being presented by `` heirs and descendants of the rutherford family of new jersey , whose famous estate , `` tranquility '' , was located near the duncan phyfe workshop at andover , n. j. .
a fly would crawl down the bulging forehead , into the socket of the eye , walk along the man's lashes and across the wet surface of the eyeball , and the eye did not blink .
state is expected to arrange the touring cicero's foreign itinerary ; ;
both have been active in the association .
penny lowered her eyes .
''
the occupants of apartment number 3 were probably away for a few days , and not likely to return on a friday .
dallas
there is never enough corn , peas or strawberries .
``
thunder crashed ; ;
one of greg's bombs hung up , and he was miles from the target before he could get rid of it .
the market today for detergent builders is quite diverse .
what shall these effects be ? ?
you may stay as long as you wish , of course , but if arranging for the care of the girls must take time into account , i think a day or two should be enough to finish our business in '' .
`` do you need that big bundle '' ? ?
gray eyes was in the lead .
through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become partaker of the divine nature .
and besides , the chick had a little something the others didn't have .
the battery median grade-equivalent was used in data analysis in this study .
the police chief shook his head over it .
these basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were , adams believed , some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society .
`` unless the oyabun has been working on it '' , he said , then checked himself and added : `` you can tell kayabashi-san that the back road is in very good condition and will be quite safe for his party to use '' .
i suppose the same emotion holds , if to a lesser degree , with any famous monument .
presently , she picked up the first of the letters .
fourth session important
and extra weight increases the risk of cancer , diabetes , artery disease and heart attack .
tilghman closed the door behind him and walked towards the fire .
titled `` what's new in music '' ? ?
near it was a metal ladder on casters attached to the top shelf .
and there , on the way , had been the box turtle , that slow , self-contained , world-ignoring relic of pre-history , bent , for reasons best known to itself , on crossing the road .
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the government of the united states as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this title .
hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of disloyalty .
the southward route was the classic run in california , and the most fashionable .
it has been endlessly rephrased , but i may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become intolerant ? ?
we went once more over every point , then triple-checked .
no dates or hand-holding .
men of krim's age , aspirations , and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war .
`` he stuck with me all these years .
section 7 is designed to arrest in its incipiency not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their incipiency restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation .
but by week's end the laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the u.s. was agreeing with its cautious british and french allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-western -- government might be best for laos .
mrs. jackson's words recalled dan to his lack of fitness for courting .
this is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the united states .
the result can only be confusion in the public mind .
and may you all continue to show at westminster in the years to come '' ! !
there was never a doubt any more how his structures would be received ; ;
d
i will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year .
the child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth .
`` so you're looking for a woman who married a man who might have lived here a year ago and might have been poisoned .
it was 258 .
that had been how she imagined it .
let's take a panoramic look back over the course we have come .
he was never heard of again .
does each tentacle of the octopus of city government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ?
it wasn't , i was sure , a difference in age that came between people , but a difference in maturity .
for example , it is evinced by the adolescent ( or adult ) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others , rather than his inner conviction and choice .
`` u.s. flier loses plea .
in his letter mentioning shakespeare on january 24 , 1597/8 , sturley asked quiney especially that `` theare might ( be ) bi sir ed. grev. some meanes made to the knightes of the parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and subsedies wherewith our towne is like to be charged , and i assure u i am in great feare and doubte bi no meanes hable to paie .
the actual pressure was not determined because the pressure was beyond the upper limit of the apparatus on hand .
the important result , however , was that juet and francis clemens , the deposed boatswain , became hudson's sworn enemies .
incurably optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout baptist , in spite of his friendship for the quaker poet john greenleaf whittier ( 1807-1892 ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their cowardly compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was emphatically unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the bible .
to the neo-classicists , it was a challenge to the pre-war world .
it must be lucien .
`` i seen a lot o' things in my time .
to our knowledge no nurse in our agency has been employed because of political affiliation .
a report that 200 protestant clergymen and laity attended a votive mass offered for christian unity at a catholic church in slough during the church unity octave .
he was drinking another glass of water .
the zeitgeist is not crazy as a loon or mad as a march hare ; ;
furthermore , roads that give access to national forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years .
geographic shift of customers .
as you pause in the piazza by the egyptian obelisk brought from the temple of isis , you will admire the pantheon's impressive corinthian columns .
he intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the cold war .
`` well , as a matter of fact , i've looked through back-issue files of new york papers for december , 1957 , and haven't found a great deal '' --
`` is that the name for the needle '' ? ?
because i liked this sad person so much , i said , `` will you have a drink with me '' ? ?
rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its orthographic usefulness .
she was horrified .
( b ) that because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions .
`` speaking of nonism : the other day , in a story about a sit-down demonstration , the paris herald tribune wrote , ' the non-violence became noisier .
`` how do you know you love somebody enough to get married '' ? ?
she had had a party with a regular visitor , dr. william w. mcclellan .
the rest of the time i devoted to painting or to those other activities a young and healthy man just out of college finds interesting .
for new galaxies to be created , professor bondi declares , it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years .
it sure as hell doesn't look like any dominant intelligent species to me .
even eggs and other cholesterol-rich foods , eaten in normal amounts , says dr. keys , do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood .
she was so beautiful , so valiant , so pitiable .
i raised my eyes to look at her in the mirror .
after only eighteen years of non-interference , there were already indications of melioration , though `` in a slight degree '' , to be sure .
he was sure of this .
what does it mean to be creative , a term we hear with increasing frequency these days ? ?
the new birth is the implantation of a new life .
it also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past .
charles thiot , a splendid georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , well-educated , and nearly fifty years of age .
and the entirety of the natural world is party to the action .
this sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by kern on the world situation ; ;
in the `` typical tone language '' , tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics .
no one else must know .
its early morning patrons were coachmen , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy .
in addition , he believed in the `` dramatic unity and separateness of the period from 1702-14 , lying between the stuart and hanoverian eras with a special ethos of its own '' .
in the cleaning process , sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of surfactant .
`` websterville junction calling '' , she said .
for to attend the dying was something she had never experienced , and certainly had not imagined when she thought of the duties she would have as bobby joe's wife .
arnold palmer has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months .
substances other than detergent actives also tend to be strongly sorbed from aqueous media onto surfaces of other contiguous condensed phases .
for that legend was growing explosively , rumor was insisting he received a price of $600 a man .
perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions , attitudes , and emotions precipitated by the nude form .
it's the only copy i've got '' .
fresh seafood products are extremely perishable .
for this concept of an advisory board , ancillary to the board of trustees , we are indebted to the late president of harvard university , a. lawrence lowell , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration .
wildcat and the unsinkable molly brown were originals , but pretty bad , leaving top honors again to an import -- the jaunty and charmingly french irma la douce .
but , in the end , we did .
`` tom ! !
letch had made it abundantly clear that he did not care for the company of my own precious daughter .
mahzeer's office '' .
a western cowpony had outrun an african lion , from a standing start .
downers grove , aug. 8
bedridden people say i am easy to hold -- and read .
consider couples visiting an art museum .
his lips were bruised and swollen where alec had hit him .
a visit to chicago's museums and a stroll around broad michigan avenue will unfold many photogenic subjects to the alert photographer .
sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were whizzing about their heads .
when the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` what is that , bill -- hello or farewell '' ? ?
he has his own system of shorthand , devised by abbreviations : `` humility '' will be `` humly '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` tt '' .
the building shook , setting the lantern to swaying , and the buckskin to pitching again .
they had bought their house in catatonia after investigating all the regions of suburbia surrounding new york ; ;
this reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear algebra , i.e. , by the primary decomposition theorem .
at no time did i attempt to seek approval or commendation for the members of the chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties .
there is a bitter satire for a future writer in that '' .
leaning sidewise on a tree trunk , he embraced it .
why , then , with these voluntary barricades and some state laws barring liquor ads , is it necessary to seek congressional action ? ?
a year ago today , when the democrats were fretting and frolicking in los angeles and john f. kennedy was still only an able and ambitious senator who yearned for the power and responsibility of the presidency , theodore h. white had already compiled masses of notes about the presidential campaign of 1960 .
the private detective must rely , as the youngest son or trickster hero does in primitive myth , on his wits .
`` oh , i'm sure i could do that '' , maggie said .
but those among the bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this .
`` all the more reason , then '' , jack said , `` why we must have a treaty .
she was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , lashing her tail , and stamping at the rock with both forefeet in irritation , as much as to say : `` how dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ?
burnham , in his excellent article ( 1955 ) concerning schizophrenic communication , includes mention of similar clinical material .
but questions with which committee members taunted bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it .
it could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier .
far from it ; ;
accordingly we may speak of the platonism peculiar to shelley's poems or the type of stoicism present in henley's `` invictus '' , and we may find that describing such platonism or such stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise .
they knew what they could do and it was often a little more than i thought they could do .
one is greece is not yet suffering from overpopulation .
to summarize the purpose of the skeletal maturity chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers .
going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the center for the study of democratic institutions , in santa barbara .
who did ? ?
`` of highest value ''
oh , you can submit a requisition for a miracle if you want to make a fool of yourself .
he further called upon the people of providence to rebuke the meeting and avoid disgrace .
these are defined by a simple involutorial transformation of the points in which a general line meets a nonsingular quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol af .
there is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and expansiveness .
and awfully kind of arlene '' , she told us later .
politics is an accelerating game .
this is the holy grail these knights of the orgasm pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond .
locate their positions in fig. 7 and drill no. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame .
respondents' preferences regarding the methods of awarding defense contracts ( part g of the questionnaire )
`` will you drop the anchor '' ? ?
( 4 ) verbs ( 9 , 22 terms ) , ratios 4.0 versus 3.4 .
they would have to .
the dream of achieving a synthesis between the sophoclean and the shakespearean genius inspired the ambitions of poets and composers from the time of shelley and victor hugo to that of bayreuth .
it had misfired .
he said that the propriety or impropriety of such a gathering was a question that was to be settled by every man in accordance with the convictions of private judgments .
the most recent film catalogue , available at each library , lists 110 titles presently in the collection , any of which may be borrowed without charge .
the latest low is a puzzler .
from the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive .
another debutante , miss virginia richmond , will also be the honoree this wednesday at luncheon at which mrs. john dane , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel .
within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the substitution of a force-fear process which masquerades as the earlier one of persuasion .
at the landing she saw juanita , her face flushed pink with excitement , run down the hall from the kitchen to the front door .
unanalyzed responses
the indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly , even if she was suitably shocked , according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared , to find them `` naked , except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle '' .
no , nor later .
he fisted the knife overhand , and drew back to plunge it into the kid's throat .
her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried gardenias and stephanotis .
note , 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts .
within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the jews depend upon which jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the justifications proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act .
`` for if ye forgive men their trespasses , your heavenly father will also forgive you : but if ye forgive not men their trespasses , neither will your father forgive -- your trespasses '' .
that mother hen of the weight-height tables , the metropolitan life insurance co. , clucks that 48 million americans are overweight .
one of his hands flattened out on the pavement and supported him .
the radius is calculated from the mass by assuming spheres of density af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of solar-radiation pressure .
although one meets with occasional extremists like zachrisson or , very recently , arthur wade-evans the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and gullibility .
this did not mean that married students could not enroll in other `` mixed '' sections , and some of them , largely because of scheduling difficulties , did .
mission to the metropolis contradicts survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion .
accordingly , during the sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds .
`` monsieur favre just paid me a visit .
it was still raining , and mrs. kirby's cottages bloomed through the gray haze like the names they bore , vivid blue and green and magenta .
the process of evaluation assigns varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements .
even with all possible precaution , homecomings are usually rather cruel and sad , and only the perpetually ebullient and the continually optimistic are made happy by them .
help asked
continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program .
do you think you can manage it '' ? ?
the single curve line represents a specific formulation in a test example .
the theme of the walnut trees of altenburg is most closely related to its immediate predecessor in malraux's array of novels : man's hope ( 1937 ) .
the exchange was almost invariable , and scotty , in his bed , could hear every word of it .
you say , `` but it costs a lot of money to have a hobby .
she began it deliberately , so that none of her words would be lost on him .
there was only one hitch : the small town of kehl , on the other side of the rhine , was still under french jurisdiction .
his words were the more ungracious to come from a man who lent his name to the eisenhower exchange fellowships dedicated to the same goal of international understanding .
the poetics , in affirming that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did plato .
in december we began to ship our ultra-high-speed stretch yarn machines .
she wanted the police to notice him , suspect him .
the phonograph today , for all its high fidelity and stereophonic sound , is precisely what the early art purveyors in the movies wished to make of the camera .
why had he crossed the dark water , to bring back a group of reclaimed soldiers or to skulk in a foul-smelling hole ? ?
this is a chipping , dynamic type failure encountered with very brittle coatings resins or very highly pigmented films .
`` before god , captain , i am innocent '' .
`` hold your fire '' , montero was shouting .
the new , jacketed slug in magnum corrected this .
now and then , the president would call for `` little jack , master of the hounds '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the white house since teddy roosevelt's administration , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals .
smaller systems can of course be stated much more succinctly .
in the event the rupees set aside for loans under section 104 ( e ) of the act are not advanced within six years from the date of this agreement because the export-import bank of washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the export-import bank of washington and the department of economic affairs of the government of india , the government of the united states of america may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by section 104 of the act .
not a single southern author , major or minor , has made the urban problems of an urban south his primary source material .
things aren't that simple anymore .
at the same time , you have to face facts and realize that a man who's been in the marine corps all his life doesn't understand much about politics .
he thought .
certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species .
fury hanover ( hoot mon-fay ) , caper ( hoot mon-columbia hanover ) and isaac ( hoot mon-goddess hanover ) has been working together but have not equalled their best work done some weeks ago .
i'm sorry , i thought to the snake , for you were beautiful .
it did not serve to contrast the existing order of society with a possible alternative order , because the age of innocence was not a possible alternative once man had sinned .
the chimney of the hut across from him was surmounted by a beef barrel with ends knocked out .
and the artillerist , colonel prevost , whom the count de segur had persuaded to lend his technical skills to nassau .
saliva gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered poisonous ; ;
palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen negroes , and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at $6,666.66 .
his jowls were spiked by barbs of graying beard .
he was able , now , to sit for hours in a chair in the living room and stare out at the bleak yard without moving .
`` in addition to the usual tools , i make constant use of cleansing tissue , not only to wipe my brushes , but to mop up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open up lights in dark washes .
action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control .
suddenly and not a second too soon i thought of the coins in my pocket .
the cars , with their load of howling men , had disappeared in the distance .
it was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy .
mickey felt his shoulders come up against the wall beside the heavy slab front door .
he was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the gantry galleys were finished .
6 )
national defense , like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all , is `` everybody's business '' .
had it been bestowed while the secretary general of the united nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , thankless task .
i pushed at his shoulder , calling his name .
she might have been talking to some of her friends about her husband if they've been having any trouble '' .
the butlers were amused because when the stearns were there , the president would say grace at breakfast .
no , he didn't have his gun , which he should have .
conceding that several cities to the north were in worse shape than baltimore after the last storm , mr. schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here .
2 .
this day was `` open house for parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables .
and yet , despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade , 1960 has been a good year in many ways , with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole .
the continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the ever-growing need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand .
how can judges exercise jurisdiction to enforce national rights when congress has created none ? ?
`` did you make friends easily '' ? ?
tragedy presumes such a configuration .
routine microscopic examinations were made of the mixed liquor as indicated by mckinney and gram for the various types of protozoa .
not that it was any of her business .
with the machinery went a complete design for the hull .
then i felt uncomfortable , too .
and he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law .
even in the nineteenth century such accomplished philologists as kemble and guest were led into what now seem ludicrous errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical philological development .
they are hailed by the nation's press , and smith girls throng the riverbanks at northampton and refresh the voyageurs with hot soup and kisses .
he braced himself .
`` it is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned '' , said a trade authority , `` than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system , which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day '' .
their rock paths led down to the hudson .
how will we work it out '' ? ?
shayne opened the door on his side and stepped out .
his technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully .
tommy interrupted furiously .
each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list .
there were slight fibrosis and marked arteriolosclerosis .
the play's device is to explore society's obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves .
`` i have been waiting across the street at the post office since dawn .
all trials have identical probabilities of success .
as it was , it took the pigment well for six hours , enough for our purpose , and held it firmly in setting .
i didn't think there was any reason to '' .
in particular , tangents to c are transformed into tangents to c' .
the same principle of `` redundancy '' applies to all communications on these special networks .
based on this phenomenon , a number of investigators have used this method to `` look through '' human organs .
`` never happier in my life .
he shivered in the warm cockpit .
`` this time '' , arlene said , and she even kept on wiggling a little bit while she was just talking , `` you're going to tell me what i am and what i'm doing .
analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple .
he will frequently return to it .
discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm .
if these people were denied a voice ( do they have a moral right to a voice ? ?
our masu is one of the very few architects in japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs .
the pilot lagoon was designed to handle the wastes from 314 persons with a 4-day aeration period .
he catches criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished .
with a unit of the right size , a compressor will run continuously during hot weather , reducing humidity as evenly as it does temperature .
in the conduct of these and many other campaigns , the hetman proved to be a much abler journalist than his critics allowed .
the trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one .
guests will wear costumes typical of the chisholm trail days .
he shoved the unsealed letter into his coat pocket .
the basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling .
some other good bills were lost in the shuffle and await future action .
the horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had stables with superior feed bins .
the beer foamed furiously .
bonnie wick ( gene abbe-scotch mary ) has gone in 2:36 ; ;
this term refers to the ability of a material to resist bending stress and is determined by measuring the load required to cause failure by bending .
his superiors had said that all marines were depraved .
to get happiness for yourself -- 28 per cent ; ;
acey squire's station wagon .
a ballistic missile cannot , today , tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful .
)
he drove carefully in the direction of the brief tour they had taken earlier .
they borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of unstapled leaflets that they called guideposts .
in witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present agreement .
he was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 o'banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` i always deliver my borough as per requirements '' .
tell your guys not to block the plate '' .
a man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to tiredly repeat his earliest failure in love , only makes us a little weary of man ; ;
maybe she will then come to you .
it was pierced by a wagon gate built of two wings .
facts in focus
since this book is concerned only incidentally with railroad rates , it will not attempt to analyze the methods by which the staff of the interstate commerce commission has estimated out-of-pocket costs and apportioned residue costs .
some of the lime that is always on hand in the capitol basement for plaster repairs was slaked several months for us ; ;
dover `` publishes '' what the company calls `` listen and learn '' productions designed to teach foreign languages .
the importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is accentuated by the recent observation that there exists an abnormally long-acting tsh in blood drawn from many thyrotoxic patients ( adams , 1958 ) .
an interview schedule of open-ended questions and a multiple-choice questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home .
on wednesday evening , november 23 , 1859 , in warren , rev. mark trafton of new bedford , gave a `` mission of sympathy '' lecture in which he favorably viewed the harper's ferry insurrection .
but in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ?
juras said he insisted field be continued on a consultant basis only and be answerable directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government .
his speech faltered .
he who has not the son has not the life .
how long would it be occupied ? ?
then there was north america , where american was the native speech of all except the twenty descendants of french-canadians living on the hudson bay preserve .
''
either way , the robert shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening .
lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in april with stein to supply and supervise janitors in mccormick place .
-- the values of the site may be affected by the appearance of the adjoining lands , ownership and use of the land , and the utilities available there .
he put his chin on his kneecap , stretching his neck like that of a turkey on a chopping block , and stared wordlessly at his sergeant .
the way she spoke , her flat acceptance of her alcoholic blackout , made me shudder .
to him life was a restless boredom that began with the rising sun and ended only with sleep .
it crushed mickey .
if either one ever started making promises , there is no telling where the promises would end .
we were almost the same age , she was fifteen , i was twelve , and where i felt there was a life to look forward to lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary .
an added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct .
advertising program
fear-maddened , fleeing the lengthening shadow of death , he scrambled to his feet again .
it does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on the national purpose .
doc abel was busy up front with some of his live patients .
the peiping chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on monday morning , november 27 , anticipating by two days the announcement of the u.s. treasury that the pegged offering price will be removed .
garrison , massachusetts born of nova scotian parentage , was by temperament and conviction a reformer .
further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 .
she persisted in explaining how and why she had advised mrs. salter to return to the country .
totaling 3,399 , sales jumped 14 per cent over february's 2,963 .
if you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city .
treasonable books striking at the hanoverian succession , he complains , are allowed to pass unnoticed .
the government of india shall enable the authorized representatives of the united states to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the united states all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the above-mentioned matters and the expenditures related thereto .
jefferson lawrence was alone at the small , perfectly appointed table by the window looking out over the river .
while jones , on the other hand , appeared perfectly confident and ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer .
a microsomal de-iodinase with a ph optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced triphosphopyridine nucleotide for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( stanbury , 1957 ) .
in sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century .
by nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the pelvic and thigh musculature , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to curbs '' .
he began to wish that he hadn't shouted that other evening when the truck bore down through the crossing .
starr jones gets up every morning at five o'clock , milks his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to new york .
alfred wallenstein , the conductor , sensitive accompanist that he is , picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of brooding , poetic mystery .
`` to be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power '' .
staggeringly condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented .
the younger thomas ripped a screen door , breaking the latch , and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock , scratching his face .
called out means as she ran .
it removes forever from the tax rolls property which should be taxed to pay for the city services .
the movement toward european unity has been expressed in two currents : federalism and functionalism , one looking to the constitution of a united states of europe , the other building on wartime precedents of practical cooperation for the solution of specific problems .
`` my brushes are different from those used by most watercolorists , for i combine the sable and the bristle .
her hair was dyed , and her bloom was fading , and she must have been crowding forty , but she seemed to be one of those women who cling to the manners and graces of a pretty child of eight .
another took off his gun belt and flung his weapons to the floor .
i fought like a tigress but by the time i appealed my case to the supreme court ( 1937 ) , mr. roosevelt and his `` henchmen '' had done their `` dirty work '' all too well , even going so far as to attempt to `` pack '' the highest tribunal in the land in order to defeat little me .
hatred tied his hands in congress .
tolley had gone to live in california .
there was a check from his company , and the usual enthusiastic bulletins on new lines they always issued .
the section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended .
`` we ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor .
their maid gave him an envelope with a check in it and shut the door .
she turned to him again .
maude had the opportunity to take the bottle of opium from sarah's room .
papa , i should emphasize , had been an invalid the last several years of his life ; ;
though americans usually lived in groups segregated by national origin or religious belief , they liked to work and shop in the noise and vitality of downtown .
the would-be assassin had his position figured pretty close .
his singing was strong and musical ; ;
even the dignified washington indulged in a game of wickets with some children .
only to the other fellow .
the perplexing question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need .
she made a face at him and then she laughed .
why did they engage in a flood of mea culpas , throw a few scapegoats to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter , expressing their complete confidence in the laws '' ? ?
`` morning , lieutenant rinker '' .
but his first few days with troop h were full of surprises , beginning with first sergeant robert early .
she was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad .
i am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by lawrence to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood .
roberta glanced up at her husband .
she exclaimed .
it was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , lauritz esmarch , that oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow .
it made him a little sick , and he let go of her .
) the curve of faded terra-cotta-colored houses in front of the church seems like a stage set .
this clergyman should have referred to shakespeare's dictum : `` so-so is a good , very good , very excellent maxim .
the greatest team of this period was unquestionably the new york yankees , bought by brewery millions and made into a ball club by men named ed barrow and miller huggins .
since saami's conception in 1926 , and more specifically since the adoption of the shooting development program in 1954 , millions of dollars and promotional man-hours have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults .
the sun warmed her , as it seemed to be warming everything , perhaps even the underside of stones or the chill insides of churches .
he had braved the elements and the enemy , but the strain , aided by the winter , was catching up with him at last .
( e )
or , to put the same thing in physiological terms , that the performance-capacity of the tactual apparatus , from the periphery up to the tactual centers in the brain , -- that is , from one end to the other -- was unimpaired '' .
)
as more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of predisposition prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected .
woodward , for example , has emphasized the `` need for a broad spectrum of services , including very brief services in connection with critical situations '' .
on delving deeper , walton discovered that most of the buildings fronting the square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' .
i have found , time and again , that some bit of particularly annoying and intractable behavior on the part of a patient rests , in the final analysis , on this basis ; ;
( some seato nations disagreed , however .
fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times .
a few years ago a `` timex all-star jazz show '' offered a broad range of styles , ranging from lionel hampton's big band to the free-wheeling dukes of dixieland .
assistance is rendered to interested rhode island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and follow-ups concerning qualification .
of this , i had no doubt .
we recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , acrobats , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities .
now come , garry , we must go quickly .
this hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis , as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems .
she looked good , with her short tousled hair and no make-up .
he moved in a `` highly intellectual '' group in greenwich village in the late forties , becoming `` internationalized '' overnight .
it purports to be a letter from steele to a friend at court , who , in miss blanchard's opinion , could only be meant as swift .
in recollection he has said : `` natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head , but i would suppress them sternly '' .
so , he understood her panic .
the change of emphasis from conventional-type to missile-type warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other .
maybe closer to thirty , i thought .
he came into the bag with his body and mike deegan brought the ball down full in his face .
these are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another .
he guzzled down three-quarters of the strong home-blend and proffered the remainder .
go back where you can bring no harm , or i will go and get the old man from his bed so he can see your shame '' ! !
shot six or eight times the body was draped with russell's pistol , belt , and cartridges .
`` how on earth do you manage it ? ?
i was at least conscious of the distinction in my full yokuts presentation that awaits publication , in which , in listing ' two-stem meanings ' , i set off by asterisks those forms in which n of stem b was af of stem a/3 , the unasterisked ones standing for af ; ;
there were two or three colored maids employed there .
didn't answer .
chapter 10 , spontaneity training
but yes , nineteen plus thirty was forty-nine , and she was forty-nine and she had been married at nineteen .
`` the u.s. president has shown once again that the united states needs the fanning of the west berlin crisis to justify the armaments race .
there a dozen giant monitors played their seventy-five-foot jets of water against the huge seam of tertiary gravel which was the mountainside .
`` what kind of models would you prefer '' ? ?
a balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed .
toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment .
when he looked in the back , mrs. gertrude parker was marking keno cards .
`` it would be like fighting the french and indian war all over again '' , said one military man .
this means much to the american tradition .
a pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways .
pauling looked doubtful .
the car lurched along at a snail's crawl , the left-front mudguard banging and scraping against the tire , occasionally scraping against the road itself .
all around the mediterranean sea , asia minor , northern india , and tibet , hebrew was the native tongue .
applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : af .
the box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a screeching klaxon ( `` it's real obnoxious '' ) .
he was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it , while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other .
arlene had a hard voice , too , this time .
this shelter , as shown on page 24 , would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation .
since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the soviet people .
factories are located here and in prattville , ala. .
being intellectually influenced by newman and the general 19th-century literature of england , i knew only a protestant-dominated country .
he thought she gave him that look with the hidden something in it as he let her hand go .
he hesitated for a moment when michelangelo asked him to disrobe , so michelangelo gave him a piece of toweling to wrap around his loins , led him to the kitchen to take off his clothes .
anyone fortunate enough to have one of those early phones advertised the fact along with the telephone number in the manchester journal .
helion , however , clung to the belief that `` in escaping from the stalag i had also escaped from abstraction '' .
`` wrong word , darling .
all evening she was eloquent and pleased with herself .
she became aware that two italian workmen , carrying a large azalea pot , were standing before her and wanted her to move so that they could begin arranging a new row of the display .
on that final sunday at pensacola neither palmer nor player was leading the tournament and , as it turned out , neither won it .
it is hardly possible to emphasize this too much .
the boy hesitated .
austin , texas
-- although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate .
john was away at school most of the time .
the government of india will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into currencies other than united states dollars on request of the government of the united states of america .
watson-watt's remarks in sr did not then , constitute a review of the book but a rebuttal to the godkin lectures .
if there were only the mess , all would be clear ; ;
yet the huge amount of money consumed by the selden litigation , which many regarded as wasteful , indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure .
with the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him , ol' case wanted no. 7 to be not only the best homerun hitter , but also the best bunter , base-runner and outfielder .
the placement of your pool , however , will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool owning -- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety .
he grunted a sort of `` yes '' answer .
today , according to land economist homer hoyt , shopping centers and their associated parking lots cover some 46,000 acres of land , which is almost exactly the total land area in all the nation's central business districts put together .
`` four cuts at least '' , he chuckled to himself , `` and i owe it all to them '' .
by the time i'd made it he was gone .
our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and retainers .
and in the third place , it would cost a fortune to reproduce in the first place -- you've got six colors there including gold '' .
he knew all the events which could take place on shayol .
after five minutes with blanche , one might welcome the astringency of grazie , who was a sort of gwen cafritz to francesca's perle mesta .
and it is also a fact of life that there will always ( be youngish half-educated people around , who will be dazzled by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement .
`` is there anything wrong with this room '' ? ?
anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating collisions .
at that point the administration will have little reason to hang onto gen. swing .
bluntly , there never was a ptolemaic system of astronomy .
lucy had an idea that myra loved it .
the concert opened with another big romantic score , schumann's overture to `` manfred '' , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the byronic point to keep it afloat .
then the audience saw a small , dim figure appear at the edge of the presidential box .
triandos hasn't proved it yet , but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right .
it is an engrossing commentary on a repressive , upper-middle-class new york way of life in the first part of this century .
menfolk can ride in the forward cockpit where the helmsman has a clear view .
not at all .
young mrs. arthur had opened the oven and there was a drifting odor of hot biscuits .
simultaneously , he pursued his musical studies at the conservatory , receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony , as well in the violin and piano .
the smell of sake had freshened yesterday's events in his thoughts .
but artists now were ready to refine and elaborate their inheritance .
but nicolas , too , was being interrupted , that morning .
perhaps it was because it was so late , and because she had no business to be here now .
at the same time , roosevelt's federal housing administration , coupled with henry morgenthau's cheap-money policy , permitted ordinary lower-middle-class families to build their own homes .
dr. w. b. bonnor , reader in mathematics at queen elizabeth college , london ; ;
`` wait here , neal '' , said tilghman .
and bernardine , 1 .
in his mood , it was the best way to handle him ; ;
some men have no talent for or interest in management ; ;
although i suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck .
considering only these fridays , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ? ?
arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive wasteland , the overlords unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist .
they were an old fat couple ( as linda kay described them to herself ) , a thick middle-aged man , and a girl about ten or twelve .
they lay on the cellar floor in a disorderly pile .
the only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the above-water land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment .
the marine was sprawled some thirty yards away , one arm extended .
brassnose turned a stricken face toward me and said brokenly , `` sommers , you meddling yank , you're a fool ! !
`` she's not a man , mister '' , he said .
you'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space , and using an electric range instead of a gas one .
it would be at once the most tentative and most final treaty that earth had ever signed .
thomas rotelli , head of rhode island incinerator service , inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers .
one was with a whitehaired and doting lieutenant commander ; ;
often these exercises work well for some bodybuilders but less spectacularly for others .
she was taller than aggie .
the tic-tac-toe trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing .
their basis seems deeper than mere authority .
every movement she made seemed unnecessarily noisy .
prime minister moves fast
having whipped mr. de sapio in the primaries and thus come into control of tammany hall , they have changed the name to chatham hall .
she was born lilian steichen , her parents immigrants from luxemburg .
cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for vacuum-formed signs , background panels , and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness , ease of forming , and excellent weathering properties .
the bullet had torn through the flesh just above the knee , inflicting an ugly gash that was forming a pool of blood on the floor .
it got the kind of scrambled , coarsened performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style .
`` without any officious and improper interference on the subject , the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it ; ;
a mist was walking on the water , white as cotton , but with a blending and merging grace .
`` the case was that bang-jensen came up to shann claiming he had found further errors in the report .
the transit can be replaced by an autocollimator .
this is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the ionized layer in the upper atmosphere known as the ionosphere .
from high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible .
rob roy remained boss of all the dogs .
no need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to selectively disarm the enemy's military force .
the stethoscope glinted silver in the darkening room .
a child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions :
miss upton and miss packard , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common .
`` and for that he needs a little bag '' ? ?
the director of the peace corps , r. sargent shriver , jr. , a kennedy brother-in-law , collects heavily among the moderns , including kenzo okada and josef albers .
he found a lump rising in his throat because of that one simple act of tidiness .
moisture ran down the cheeks , gathered at the tip of the nose , and at the chin .
he is a member of the institution of electrical engineers , london , a registered professional engineer in connecticut and ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in great britain .
she said gently , `` of course i remember you '' .
poets , moreover , dwell on human passions .
wallace gray has directed a difficult play here , usually well , but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste .
twenty-seven assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property , and only five were opposed .
if notched for the battens , they would require more work , be weakened and limber holes would have to be bored so that bilge water could flow through .
obviously , the `` private eye '' can have no more appeal for patchen .
and think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make .
solid investment
a major aim of the council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the church today stands in the way of unity .
as far as we know , no american bridge had been thus protected in 1792 .
it was neither a spirit of self-sacrifice nor a yen to encourage the downtrodden that motivated arnold .
thus trevelyan repeats the story which pictured victor emmanuel as refusing to abandon the famous statuto at the insistence of general radetzky .
there was more to service in the navy nurse corps than the hours in the ward .
`` just you wait '' , advised arlene , echoing the dialogue in a recent british movie .
it assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them .
most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents .
the simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef .
he would no longer have to see that fat face , hear that whining voice
the extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly arid and cold .
luckily both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not i '' .
at one time , to most americans , unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of navigable water , boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen , rich people , and the united states navy .
electric power
the story reflects the way too many people feel .
the inspector knew as he left that this was wishful thinking .
for almost one-sixth of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most americans .
`` one wants a little more power , and the other doesn't want to give up any '' .
food , medical supplies , utensils , and equipment , if not already stored in the shelter , must be quickly gathered up and carried into it .
in addition , the cutoff frequency for input accelerations is approximately proportional to the servo loop gain ; ;
one of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life .
the killing was already forgotten in that clear mind of his .
`` yes '' , herr schaffner had said .
figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each sub-group graphically .
fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of `` emergency war surgery ( nato ) '' were assembled and distributed to the medical military services of foreign governments associated with nato and south-east asia treaty organization .
he half sat up and scratched at the hair on his forehead and then , more vigorously , between his legs .
if there is nothing evil in these things , if they get their moral complexion only from our feeling about them , why shouldn't they be greeted with a cheer ? ?
sir robert watson-watt's `` rebuttal '' of sir charles snow's godkin lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend lindemann and apparently himself from sir charles' supposed falsehoods while stating those `` falsehoods '' in an unclear incoherent argument .
and now he was seeing her .
there should even be no more bitter surprises in the un general assembly as to nato members' votes , since a new ad hoc nato committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as angola will be discussed in advance .
it drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days .
and used gradations of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors .
`` we were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent .
as i say , i wouldn't want to begin a day like this , but i often wonder what the dead would have done .
i have never asked for an easy task , but i am weary of the strife '' .
but in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it .
`` he's looking a lot better , and he's able to run '' , meek explained .
this , naturally , will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period , with some fortunate exceptions , is insufficient for precise chronological purposes .
the biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words : `` so god created man in his own image ; ;
i heard the classical symphony for the first time when koussevitzky conducted it in paris in 1927 .
mr. speaker , i ask unanimous consent that all members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record ; ;
as already noted in an earlier paragraph , the more familiar cost analyses of utility enterprises or utility systems divide the total costs among a number of major classes of service , such as residential , commercial , industrial power , street lighting , etc. .
early sun , p , 2:02.3 , chester maid 2:05 , dark sun , p , 2:06.1 , and sun tan maid 2:05.2 have been in 2:21 .
when more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct .
joel went to the crest of a hill behind the house and lit an enormous victory bonfire to celebrate .
`` you catchee boy-furiendo ? ?
about a thousand years after that , when the roman empire was divided , it became capital of the eastern section .
`` janice , nobody answers at the apartment '' ! !
in a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint .
the sick were always receiving medicines .
but even before that , picasso had glimpsed and entered , for a moment , a certain revolutionary path in which no one had preceded him .
i just don't want to go off half-cocked before picking up black , that's all '' .
form into patties and barbecue 5 minutes on each side .
control would be limited to those rodents for which economical means of control are known .
we therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the unenvied reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' .
where are you , henry ? ?
for so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a feast .
suppose the lines in front of the movie houses were too long and we couldn't get in ? ?
this is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in delaware as the tri-state pipeline corporation , with principal offices in new york state .
in spite of the armistice negotiated by amadee two years earlier , the war between bishop guillaume of lausanne and louis of savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against french expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict .
answer
no holds are barred .
discoveries recently made of old biblical manuscripts in hebrew and greek and other ancient writings , some by the early church fathers , in themselves called for a restudy of the bible .
`` aw , come on '' .
to her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much blubber .
he promised nearly 200 democratic county committee members at the meeting in the puddingstone inn : `` when i come back here after the november election you'll think , ' you're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected ' '' .
eight hundred and sixty-five rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day .
you , i could swear to it , remained innocent in this sense until the end .
she did not call out .
future clouded
among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged , are such projects as biological and biochemical studies of the effects of microwaves ; ;
his wife , marion , is a portrait painter .
the biggest single act would doubtless be staged by frankie himself : his inaugural wardrobe had been designed by hollywood couturier don loper , who regularly makes up ladies' ensembles .
over the rattling of fenders , humming of tires and chattering of gears there was a charming melody of whispers and tiny giggles .
`` aren't you ever going to go home '' ? ?
if they have to take any car , they'd rather take the big one .
one of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among a.l.a.m. members .
the materials for compromise are at hand : the nation , walter lippmann and other sober commentators ( see alan clark on p. 367 ) have spelled them out again and again .
`` now , if i can just figure out what he's talking about , i'll use it '' .
roberts sagged and slashed at him wildly .
he also likes hampton hanover ( titan hanover-bertie hanover ) 2:37 .
most marketing people agree it is going to take redoubled efforts to satisfy future requirements .
first he barely touched the blade on the hand which shaded the eyes .
it is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field , showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site .
the appeal of the suburb is particularly strong for heavy industry , which must move bulky objects along a lengthy assembly line and wants enough land area to do the entire job on one floor .
the get-together friday night will be a banquet at the country club patio and pool , and an orchestra will play for dancing .
other parts of the kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years .
`` just the same we'll try it '' .
fixed installations are increasingly advocated as the problem of area defense emerges .
hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in honour of jerry o'connor , the proprieter of a loop gambling house .
also , it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed .
with respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power .
it can kill you .
what determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive in general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical .
it is a happy , buzzing crowd .
i figured i could stand practically anything for a couple of weeks .
then every component of the graph of f must be defined over a bounded sub-interval .
it was recognized that skywave signals , because of their reflected nature , are of great variability and subject to wide fluctuations in strength .
to me lilly was a fine and lovely girl .
some of those who question the value of bw have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of epidemics .
and **yb is the angle the resultants make with the plane of the substrate .
amy still missing .
`` what the hell do you think baseball is ? ?
resolved that , while we most decidedly disapprove the methods he adopted to accomplish his objects , yet in his willingness to die in aid of the great cause of human freedom , we still recognize the qualities of a noble nature and the exercise of a spirit which true men have always admired and which history never fails to honor .
all panel board comes in standard af foot size .
the school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality .
at dinner the courses were carried in by tall cuirassiers in red capes and black fur caps topped with tufts of feathers , marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy .
spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit .
his legs pumped furiously , his long black hair streamed out behind him .
bedbugs were a common pest in pioneer days ; ;
mike kept walking and got within arm's reach before the man became suspicious and straightened from his lax slouch .
the
the creature in feathers looked around and david saw the mad eyes , glazed with an insane fear .
there's lots of time left '' .
( p. 214 ) anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship .
red thrusting out his tawny beard , handley glowering under his suddenly rumpled black hair .
perhaps patchen was once involved in a train accident , and this passage from first will and testament may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did : ``
meditations from a fallout shelter
we know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren .
they spread over an area no larger than oregon ; ;
it is proposed that in the future complete sampling censuses be carried out at five-year intervals .
the measurements made with the nrl 50-foot reflector , which is altitude-azimuth-mounted , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of venus and jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly polarized .
these have been labeled regions 1 , 2 , and 4 , respectively , in fig. 1 .
`` our objective '' , the colonel had said that day of the briefing , `` is papa-san '' .
it was hardly possible to get any argument on the subject .
`` it is easy for you to talk '' ; ;
krist , i wish they could write ! !
even at a car's length i could sense that something was wrong , and so i followed her up to the turnaround in front of the house .
the successor corporations have been held entitled to sue on such claims .
confronted with this situation , most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have , or else depend on the bounty of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds .
let us put af .
and the international freedom festival in detroit , june 29 thru july 4 .
`` i got a bone to pick with you , mr. paxton .
`` why can't i leave her locked up in the tool crib '' ? ?
unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state bureau of audits .
he seemed puzzled by my question .
the government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools -- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused .
one good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew .
the presiding elder was sure that that would be impossible .
it is unfair and unchristian to ask a person to take the sacred vows of church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications .
the armed forces epidemiological board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions , so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the armed forces .
why couldn't they have dumped him off on someone else ? ?
he felt suddenly elated , adventurous .
as he approached the open bandstand , erected facing the south entrance to the executive mansion , the band struck up the `` star spangled banner '' and followed it with `` hail to the chief '' .
the kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control .
it was jim's `` little '' sister myra , the unreliable , irresponsible , forever flyaway , myra .
naturally , viola had no wish to remain , but she felt she couldn't leave so soon after her arrival , in all politeness to her host .
you'll probably get a ball bat on the head .
`` what'd he say ? ?
until such work is done , there must remain the nagging suspicion that alienation may be little more than an expression of the malaise of the intellectual , who , rejected by and in turn rejecting the larger society , projects his own fear and despair onto the broader social screen .
try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it .
as he ranged his belongings on the bureau he noticed a film of white dust on the dark surface of the wood beyond the linen cover .
into the emptiness of the street , and his spirit , moved a form .
for a dawning sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in malraux , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life .
however , the aircraft which we have today are tied to large , `` soft '' airfields .
the japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain .
he cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch .
ramey saw sunlight touch the curly blonde hairs on the brown skin .
the aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond pathos .
only a radical change in the nature of the population in the central city would be likely to destroy this preference -- and we must now turn our attention to the question of whether such a change , gloomily foreseen by so many urban diagnosticians , is actually upon us .
also , he was weary of plantation drudgery and monotony .
when it became obvious that he could stay inside no longer , taking a thousand to one chance gonzales rushed outside , square against the muzzle of a winchester .
pels also sent a check for $100 to russell's widow and had a white marble monument erected on his grave .
patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death .
and he didn't have any clothes on '' .
the necessity is not clear to me , and , in any case , to present a case-hardened race-driver as saying he has left his car , which , or whom , he calls `` giuseppe '' , parked `` on the place vendome sneering at a dozen bentleys and rolls-royces parked around him '' is not a liberty ; ;
he is answered by a confused , honest englishman .
chief engineer of the radio set division of electric and musical industries , ltd. , the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in great britain ; ;
the student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another .
finally , magwitch's pursuit of compeyson , his archenemy and betrayer , begins by his holding him in a vicelike grip on the river flats to frustrate his escape and culminates in his `` laying his hand on his cloak to identify him '' , thus precipitating the death-locked struggle in the water during which compeyson drowns .
it happened on the twelfth hole , a 155-yarder .
for that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent americans are now proposing .
the victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the bandit .
a still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself .
but the bullets whacked home before he finished his battle cry and marvin goulding fell dead .
anne waited until the door had slammed and picked up the coffeepot .
many companies have upgraded their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge .
this sense of moderation and fairness is superbly exemplified in an exchange of letters between john jay and a tory refugee , peter van schaack .
in time , and two drinks later , he was complaining bitterly about his wife , he was on the subject for ten minutes or so when he noticed the renewed interest in his listener -- it showed in the alert face and the suddenly bright eyes .
it was very widely read , too ; ;
the stink is all the same to me , but i really think they can make one another out blindfolded '' .
it was after seven o'clock .
however , he states unequivocally `` the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor '' .
suppose the cops somehow got hold of that ? ?
in analyzing the watercolors of roy mason , the first thing that comes to mind is their essential decorativeness , yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some elaboration here .
but the attack was made from an advance copy .
he had collared one of his generals in public .
there comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone .
since the latter obviously require an audacity you do not possess , you may perhaps suppose that i am taunting you as socially inferior .
it is a characteristic of thoughts that in re-thinking them we come , ipso facto , to understand why they were thought '' .
he concluded that the anaconda's maximum length is 12 or 13 ( perhaps 14 ) meters , which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet ( 14 meters is slightly less than 46 feet ) .
miss celie's taken to her bed , with the door locked .
she stood up , smoothing her hair down , straightening her clothes , feeling a thankfulness for the enveloping darkness outside , and , above everything else , for the absence of the need to answer , to respond , to be aware even of stowey coming in or going out , and yet , now that she was beginning to cook , she glimpsed a future without him , a future alone like this , and the pain made her head writhe , and in a moment she found it hard to wait for lucretia to come with her guests .
something clicked in this instance , but i treated her circumspectly and i felt that she knew it , for we both kept our distance .
the sound may be good ; ;
`` hey , mityukh '' , asks one group , `` what are we shouting about '' ? ?
he walked rapidly along the buildings scanning their facades : one was a club -- that was out ; ;
the thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the gallery's rotunda fountain `` because it's on the second floor '' .
`` that it had found a planet on which human beings could live and which was already inhabited by sentient beings '' ! !
now all his desires centered on `` rediscovering and singing of the prosaic and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence '' .
if a dancer is good , she suggests purely and superbly the fundamental mechanics of ancestry and progeny -- the continuum of mankind .
an octillion atoms
it is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the wickedness of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect .
that mistake , she thought , had cost her dearly these past few days , and she wanted to avoid falling into any more of the traps that the mountain might set for her .
origin of state automobile practices
it could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a short-of-war strategy to meet short-of-war infiltration .
welsh coal miners , communist-led , are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in american coal .
`` to a ranch in the valley .
hatless , in an overcoat of rough blue wool , i was given a proud farewell by my mother and father , and i set out into the strangely still streets of brooklyn .
format :
while the factories were always the center of the labor market , they were often on the city's periphery .
he had forgotten that she was so pretty .
i assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others .
`` can he be trusted '' ? ?
if we are born of god we grow in ( not into , but in ) grace .
this salvation does not take the form of a christian heaven .
i marry this man and woman together .
and , when you took a walk you never knew what adventure or pair of sparkling eyes were waiting around the next corner .
men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` looseness of the bowels '' ; ;
mileage allowances .
( i myself have identified about sixty sites , from the old maps and registers .
three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming immensity of such journeys must be conceived as a static pulsation through an enormous number of coexistent frequencies which perpetuate all events .
construction bonds
turning to the more modern versions , curzon's ( london ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work .
the last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter .
additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being .
almost any information about the dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the american underwater fleet .
when the aid operations are reorganized the peace corps should remain a semi-autonomous , functional unit .
thus , paradoxically , the beat writers resort to `` religious '' metaphors : they are in search of mana , the spiritual , the numinous , but not anything connected with formal religion .
now we have stood up to the communists ; ;
insurance
there would have been a ceremony if it had been possible .
county officials have cooperated consistently .
it was safe to assume that papa , sighing heavily , had said many times to his remaining daughter , `` thank god your poor mother was spared this '' , and indeed it might be true that it had been easier for henrietta to leave , with her hand in charles' hand , just because her `` poor mother '' was gone already and would never know .
must have cost plenty .
it was blackmail and the clerk knew it .
and for the hundredth time that week , he was startled at her beauty .
advantages .
isn't all art ambiguous ? ?
a body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope , a tempting target for the riflemen , who threw a volley into their ranks and `` messed up '' the smart formation considerably .
the bridegroom's children were here for the christmas holidays and can't return .
national identification was reflected jurisprudentially in law theories which incorporated this hegelian abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection .
)
`` there's a tower and a steeple on the church a million feet high .
he lost , but settled for a cake in the shape of a fedora .
ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over lions' heads with poles , and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago , not the gentler ones of today , and this one was angry , with good reason .
in tragedy , lightning is a messenger .
at what stage are social sciences then ? ?
`` even when the islands were under german mandate before world war 1 , , europeans gave eromonga a wide berth .
`` no , it wasn't that '' , rob said .
`` that's mrs. roberts again '' , i said .
this is a $14 million operation involving 3,500 employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively .
`` what you see are self-help projects '' , john said .
i bethought me of the lord's prayer , and these words came to mind : `` thy kingdom come , thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' .
the controlling pattern was first displayed in the hungary-suez crisis of november 1956 .
although the particular form of conceptualization which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such excesses remains with us as vividly as ever .
but that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin through the common point , and then scale each planetary deferent larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' bumping ' ) , this is contrary to any intention ptolemy ever expresses .
on other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 )
`` i've never done this before '' , they always said , shaking their dresses down over their white shoulders .
he jumped .
why did prokofieff expand in stature and fecundity , while stravinsky ( who leaped into fame like a young giant ) dwindled in stature and fruitfulness ? ?
spirit and community
`` all right .
at the same time , all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted .
`` but why in the name of god can't i give my father blood '' ? ?
the argument was typically advanced in terms of u.s. `` prestige '' .
one handled the salesman in a friendly manner , another in a rough manner , and the third in a hesitating manner .
for sam rayburn never forgot bonham , his home community , and he never forgot texas .
if the character flying that thing had gone over san clemente island yesterday he would have had an eyeful .
this seems naive .
mike struck with the muzzle of the pistol .
she was silent for a while , then said , `` why are you so unhappy '' ? ?
if it failed on occasion to elect its candidates for general state offices by majorities , the failure was due to a lingering remnant of the know-nothing party , which called itself the american republican party .
but before i try to diagnose it , i would offer other evidence .
mercer , despite his happiness , wept a little at the strange fate of b'dikkat .
determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or grading might be .
( 2 )
`` so '' ? ?
his wife had said to him : `` nellie is in love with clayton roy .
`` it's nice of you '' , henrietta said doubtfully .
it has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of dialing .
he recognized the gesture .
what is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ?
everyone is to be a participant .
but here he was just signore or the old man .
in conclusion , these findings suggest the need for a comparative physiology , pathology , and histology of mammalian lungs .
it was not merely a hunger for `` money , gold and precious objects '' that delayed the papal pronouncement that could have brought the war to an end ; ;
mitchell was for using it , jones against , and sen. wayne dumont jr. r-warren did not mention it when the three republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the park hotel .
perhaps this was reality and dale nelson , the actor , was delusion ; ;
even that isn't satisfactory .
interest rates
personnel benefits
`` he's one hell of a decent boy .
but , at the start , his new life felt invigorating .
beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that .
she stammered , `` you heard what he said about police ? ?
pp. 62-63 .
some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors -- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily .
when the frequency response characteristics of practical components are considered , their effect on stability does not present the most serious limit on the system loop gain .
there would be great need soon for his skill as surgeon , but somehow he had not planned to use his knowledge merely for war .
`` isn't it wonderful ? ?
are you following competition willy-nilly -- trying to match dollar for dollar -- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and influencing consumers ? ?
the line of an eyebrow , the color of the skin , a ghazal from hafiz , the purity of spring water , the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed , judged , and valued .
el dorado was surrounded by a mob .
there was the daily round of household chores in which maggie insisted on participating .
some recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote , victorian past ; ;
the account of the growth and final transcription of these epics rests partly , however , upon the degree to which they were formulaic .
she named 48 items , and said there were `` many more things which it would take too long to write '' .
participants in the 27 portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and counseled by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry .
if the decision goes wrong , it may be -- as mr. stevenson fears -- `` the first step on the slippery path downhill '' to a u.n. without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning .
all of the jackets carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program .
he stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk .
there was not anything she could do there , but that was where everyone was , or would be .
before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and civil-rights commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened .
what do parents need to know about those `` years of the braces '' in order not to waste a child's time and their money ? ?
the shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the washington , d.c. area in the spring of 1959 .
`` but that was war '' , i said .
`` oh , do forgive me .
when she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one .
pistol-whipping an unarmed man might come easy to someone like jess , but curt couldn't bring himself to do it .
research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite samos and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as nike-zeus are expected to increase substantially .
again there was something familiar about her , something --
pmr is currently supplying components vital to the titan and minuteman programs .
sort out the next move .
heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode .
`` you don't seem to know much about reality .
`` yes '' , she said , `` i remember that they came here every summer .
but after that 12 at los angeles he became one of the boys , a bigger hero than he ever had been before .
he was aware of her as a frightfully good-looking american wac , a second lieutenant assigned to do the paper work , ( regardless of how important she might have thought she was ) in the command offices , but that was all .
have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ?
night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation travelogue and what better place to take them then along chicago's lake shore drive ? ?
at the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at carnegie , and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities .
or both .
whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies , each interferes to some extent with reception of the other .
and it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact .
cambodia is , for all practical purposes , neutralist .
`` i'm not saying you're yellow .
but very mystical too .
`` it is , sir , as i have said , a small college , and yet there are those who love it .
`` gracias .
criterion measurement
such performance is a great tribute to american scientists and engineers , who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles , where america had none before .
seven million families would total 30 million americans or more .
it recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by banding together in an area-wide effort better results can be accomplished than through the go-it-alone approach .
there apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare .
he wondered probably because it was a place where she might get a feeling of certainty and security .
but these are side issues to a powerful central theme .
the positivist theory would here distort our meaning beyond recognition .
i am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in gentile-jewish relations .
not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the wreckage of houses , were they aware of what had happened .
if he condemns the recent or the present , he condemns the past with no less force .
`` groggins tells me she's started badgering already , wants to get out .
in contrast , ditmars recorded the average length of seventy-two young of a 19-foot female as 38 inches , and four young were born in london at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 ounces .
such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once .
last week chicago happily found its top scholar in caltech's acting dean of the faculty : dynamic geneticist george wells beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 nobel prize in medicine and physiology for discovering how genes affect heredity by controlling cell chemistry ( time , cover , july 14 , 1958 ) .
seems like she's willing , but the male just flops around all day like the bashful boy who took jeannie may behind the barn and then didn't know what to do , and the people at the zoo haven't got any vulture chicks to show for their trouble .
robinson clambered heavily into the boat , sat down , and stripped off his triple-tank assembly .
the next speaker was george t. day .
in the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides .
to serenissimus such tribes as the cossacks of the don or those ex-bandits the zaporogian cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower dnieper the polish novelist sienkiewicz would one day place with fire and sword ) were just elements for enforced resettlement in , say , bessarabia , where , as `` the faithful of the black sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the czarina's territorial claims against turkey .
i didn't look at him .
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the united states .
he called vincent l. piraro , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance .
moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the kohnstamm-positive subjects were uninfluenced in their subsequent reactions to the kohnstamm situation .
i would have been negligent and a goddam lousy cop to boot , if i'd sat around this station all night when somebody got away with murder in my district .
he was not sure how much of this desire was due to his devotion to the church and how much was his own ego , demanding to be satisfied , for the two were intertwined and could not be separated .
i think for example of three women's colleges with pitifully small enrollments , clustered within a few miles of a major catholic university , which is also co-educational .
for a moment she thought of answering with the truth but she knew there were men who shied away from virginity , who demanded some degree of education in body as well as mind .
it is the spirit which is the source of a community's drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and prospers .
jack crawled under the boards and restored the six feet of lead line he had excised from the nernst generator switch .
that these magazines also deluded the krims of the world is unfortunate but inevitable .
there was the slate roof of the church ; ;
the charges caught pike off balance , coming as they did from an unexpected quarter .
perhaps it was all a vividly conceived dream .
`` past , yes , but important .
`` work '' ? ?
but it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little artifice '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of hackwork a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' .
here the composer uses a favorite device of his , the intensification of the mood through key relationships .
as the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , i had made many friends among them , taking part in their after-school games and trying desperately to translate grimm's fairy tales into an understandable french as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent .
it wasn't just the pressure of work , although that was the excuse i often used , even to myself .
and gladdy would be safe ! !
`` those are the things i can do , now that i'm set up '' .
the song , he said , was called `` the stream's lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` gute ruh , gute ruh , mach't die augen zu , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me .
they ran for three hours .
harriet was just as delighted .
i , frankly , can't draw a straight line .
`` ekstrohm '' ? ?
the partition of india has hardly improved relations between hindus and muslims ; ;
`` was it my equipment '' ? ?
similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the chromatographic eluate , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( fig. 3 ) .
she was awarded the professional handlers' ass'ns' leonard brumby , sr. memorial trophy ( named for the founder-originator of the junior classes .
victor's book on john lloyd stephens was largely written in my study in the house at weston .
i leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are .
left in their previous atom-like smallness , they would have cut away too abruptly into depth ; ;
these were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls .
`` if you can keep her here that long '' , pete said wryly .
at that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties .
`` tell me more , sandalphon '' .
the bank of wisconsin sent a representative to the judge's chambers in madison to give information on wright's ability to meet the terms .
to his surprise his plan worked perfectly .
about two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools .
this means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life '' , he told delegates friday .
he had caught , too , like an ailment , a confirmed distrust of women .
''
the minister , describing the attacks which led up to the appeal , said that 60,000 communist north vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near thakhek , in southern-central laos .
this tax was discontinued in 1936 .
or we may say that his attitude was commendable , showing his independence of mind , in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others .
if the polarity is correct , the platform will turn until the heading error angle is zero .
the peace corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family , unless the wife is also accepted for full-time peace corps work on the same project .
-- farm machinery dealer bob houtz tilts back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales : `` we've sold four corn pickers since labor day and have good prospects for 10 more .
there are two types of such intersections , depending essentially on whether the curves cross at the point of intersection .
but due to the many applicants on file , would he co-operate and write a personal letter giving them his son's motivation , interests and his qualifications for leadership ? ?
he shares with mr. morse a parody of the college anthems he once sang while his second song is whisked away from him by virginia martin , a girl with a remarkably expressive yip in her voice .
religion provides the most attractive rewards , either in this world or the next , for those who not merely abide by its norms , but who engage in good works .
wherefore , as they became forfeit to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' .
that is enough tnt to fill the tower of the empire state building ; ;
in a symposium and general exploration of the field of personal perception and interpersonal behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; ;
at the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly .
the engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life -- and refused to change it .
the answer came from the open door of the boxcar .
coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses .
student religious organizations are co-ordinated under the religious activities committee , a standing committee of the carleton student association .
they try to keep within the speed limits .
thornburg added in a lower voice but andy overheard , `` they act more like a jury than an audience '' .
governor
moreover , it allows the present management to reassign vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ;
next i refer to our program in space exploration , which is often mistakenly supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development .
as a reviewer , thompson generally displayed a judicious attitude .
i wouldn't have to tell them i had roberts --
laura was sitting in an easy chair about eight feet away .
the bathyrans ran a check on globocnik and had only to conclude that he was in a tug of war with hans frank and the civilian administrators .
in this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church .
there had been a good second or two during which my muffler had been blowing out , and now i was certain i'd seen her somewhere before .
and over 66 per cent of the elementary schools with 150 or more pupils do not have any library at all .
back in her living quarters at the hospital she took bicarbonate of soda , and sulked .
the `` overseas '' democracies have generally encouraged the european unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader atlantic community .
the front windows of the place were long and narrow , reaching nearly to the floor and affording an unusually good view of the interior .
instinctively , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by .
when a man invests a block of his years at a university without gaining the coveted promotion , not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services .
social control
if we wait until children are in junior high or high school , we will never manage it .
after many years and many interruptions he was able to finish the canopy fresco , and slightly less than half the frieze , beginning with the liberty group opposite the east door , and ending with william penn , all but one leg , when a tragic accident ended his career .
breakfast , he thought .
platform heading .
`` from a man in st. louis '' , wilson said .
( note how strongly the upper lats and serratus are worked in this fine exercise because of the pin-point concentration of force which the dumbbell variation affords ) .
watson had nodded absently and muttered that he would check the lists himself later .
after they had left , some of the people moved around , to find more comfortable places to sit .
he didn't look back and he ran until he was out of sight of the schoolhouse and out of breath ; ;
says nrlda's james wright : `` since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the dealer's other equipment '' .
shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of shylock , but probably he never saw a jew , unless in some of his travels .
the kid hit the bigger man with an audible thwump ! !
one experiment showed the greatest one-year difference occurring between the eleventh and twelfth years .
during the early part of this century , the brown & sharpe works in providence were unchallenged as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world .
perhaps mrs. meynell would do me the undeserved kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book , with all its mementos of her and the dear ones .
at the last session of the general assembly , the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective .
it takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact '' .
if we could use all the small airfields we have in this country , we could disperse our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more .
the editors of this volume and volume 2 , were the late charles palache , clifford frondel , and the late harry berman , all of harvard university .
production may fall far below expectations .
in any given time period , the aggregate demand for the industry's product is determined by two things : the price charged by the industry , and the level of aj .
mama stooped down to fix the train , but there was no train there ! !
lena faber ( faber hanover-chalidale lena ) 2:33 ; ;
so the commission's announcements of the new soviet shots have been confined to one or two bleak sentences , with the fission yield usually left vague .
i did not rest until i had tracked the mystery down .
she snarled warningly .
before dawn .
the cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` life '' -- that and a license number , which piepsam uses in addressing him .
go ahead and try me '' ! !
however , there are relatively few such political constituencies , and , as has been pointed out , there is seldom a clear-cut distinction between the educational interests of one social class and those of another .
the hoofmarks of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of shod horses .
the truck dropped them off at the various revetments spread through the jungle .
place project on table and carefully lift the mold off .
correlatively , can we reduce the role of the district courts , so that the action is that of the people of the community or other school district and not that of the law court ? ?
the albany civic opera's presentation of spumoni's immortal il sevigli del spegititgninino , with guest contralto hattie sforzt .
distances of less than 10 inches are not recommended .
for what do the utopians labor ? ?
( co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; ;
`` no rest of it .
he remembered clayton's mocking smile in the saloon when he had asked him what he would do if they brought their cattle to water .
the headquarters of morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the british , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for british gold rather than the virtually worthless continental currency .
a more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined .
this rate of increase does not signify anything in itself .
`` he wanted mr. sandburg to pose with one of the guitars he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop , but the poet eyed this somewhat distastefully .
how about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ?
don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough .
mr. lyford continues : ``
the event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the national council of jewish women .
slavery was prohibited in massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of 1780 , which declared `` all men are born free and equal '' .
and to making the owning of a boat simpler .
the thin man moved swiftly to the phone and dialed a number .
though this may or may not be good biology , it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of american catholic higher education .
top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a suffocating fire storm which would persist for a long time .
everybody left and i stayed in the pool , then lou came back alone and leaped into the pool too .
( b )
the two main charges levelled against the bourbons by liberals is that they are racists and social reactionaries .
daniel morgan's rheumatic condition worsened with the increase of the cold and damp weather .
so much for the tiresome facts , as familiar to you , i'm sure , as to the constables and state troopers who followed in your wake .
laura touched his hand .
his `` sure-sure '' was enthusiastic this time .
as mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in fig. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center .
no one saw her except the man reuveni '' .
boats are operated in every state in the union , with the heaviest concentrations along both coasts and in the middle west .
i called downstairs for food and a toothbrush for her .
he seems strong enough inside the party to cope with any internal opposition ; ;
they remained rough starting points .
the reports of president nasser's pledges which hammarskjold was relaying from cairo to washington became increasingly incomprehensible to other diplomats , including the israeli foreign minister , mrs. golda meir .
then he turned the telephone over to rourke , and went into the bedroom to change his slippers for dry socks and shoes .
they were better trained , better looking , better built , better disciplined and something else -- they were better dancers .
this was the very sort of legislation that roosevelt himself had in mind .
he was ghost writer for babe ruth , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his autograph .
a shielded thermocouple was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas .
the selection of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted inflammation of the problem itself .
i'm the oldest of six children .
he winced .
whatever the hetman's ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill at ease .
sedimentation coefficients were computed as af values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the schlieren patterns .
initially , the flagellated protozoa predominated , but they soon gave way to the free swimming ciliated protozoa .
his advice , his voice saying his poems , the fact that he had not so much as touched her -- on the contrary , he had put his head back and she had stroked his hair -- this was all new .
but he had mistaken it for bugs .
we may say of some unfortunates that they were never young .
a new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a tilting head that allows drilling to be done at any angle .
he's probably spending the evening with friends '' .
of the 375 exhibits ( of all types ) shown , 161 were new or refurbished .
in one company covering the country with a high-quality sales force of 10 men , the president personally phones each major account every 6 mos. .
service running through barnumville and to bennington county towns east of the mountains was in the hands of the `` gleason telephone company '' in 1925 , but major supervision of telephone lines in manchester was with the new england telephone and telegraph company , which eventually gained all control .
the rhode island public expenditure council in its publication once commented : ``
twenty years before a group of easterners had bought out the haskell claims in the rocky hills south of grass valley .
also , salt water fish is on the table once a week .
he tried again and once more sliced out of bounds .
time elapsed but the doctor was obviously unconscious of its passage until an unwelcome knock on the door interrupted the processes of nature .
for radiopasteurization , to partially destroy microorganisms ; ;
they are chosen by the foundation's board of trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts .
`` i can fix him something later in the afternoon when we get home '' .
the dartmouth student does not live in monastic seclusion , as he once did .
no one came '' .
the saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the abo samples except that the mixture was incubated for 1 hr at 37-degrees-c before centrifugation .
in the last of the sixth inning mike deegan got up to bat and hit a fast ball over the left fielder's head .
in these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 .
those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion .
when this water level has been reached , inject steam until the temperature is that shown in column aj .
`` come , come '' , jim said , jollying lucy a little .
a sudden thought wiped the smirk from his face .
these scientists are convinced that a telescope unclouded by the earth's gases will go a long way toward bolstering or destroying cosmic theories .
federal responsibility for education of the citizens .
she is frivolous and scatterbrained , but she really isn't shallow '' .
it was a narrow road , barely wide enough for two cars to pass .
the winging spread of blue had gone on , calling harshly , into the wood .
the lifeboats were stuck fast .
meats
`` we the people of the confederate states , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of almighty god -- do ordain and establish this constitution for the confederate states of america '' .
unfortunately , this assumption does not always hold good .
nonresidential at $253,355,000 , up 22 per cent ; ;
chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the oil-bearing seeds -- flax , castor , tung ( nuts from the china wood-oil tree ) , perilla ( from an oriental mint ) , and oiticica ( from a brazilian tree ) .
then , for the above parasites , feed continuously at these levels : feeder cattle -- 2-5 grams of phenothiazine daily ; ;
negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of carnality .
`` oh yes '' , mama laughed .
just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities .
then they had dinner .
i knew '' ! !
doctrine was not only mysterious ; ;
the size of saud's family was still being debated when the king appeared for his first meeting with eisenhower .
for the treatment of ketosis feed 1/4 to 1/2 pound per day for 10 days .
the state presently owns 389 passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 .
`` i'm mrs. gertrude parker '' , a soft voice explained , `` and i'd like to talk to you for a few minutes , please '' .
there is no such magic in man-made laws .
electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had magnetized iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles .
but it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which mrs. kennedy feels is the proper period for the white house ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms .
this added a personal zest to class discussions and participation .
as their interpreter and guide , he had broken with tuskegee and become a spokesman of the coloured people of the world .
methyl polysiloxanes .
they had never seen a tultul but they had heard about it from their fathers '' .
in the testing room , three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists .
the west may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that u thant represents .
`` i mean , we don't have any way to get there and we can't expect you to quit work just to take us to town '' .
at right is a casual style in a crushed unlined white leather .
each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored .
if the above issue is settled by requiring public education for all citizens , issue no. 6 may be moot .
one veracious woman tells me she has used thin potato parings for both corns and calluses on her feet and they remove the pain or `` fire '' .
the lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of fig. 7 .
separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells .
their presence fouled the elegance of that room .
the books are carried around by truck in canvas bags from headquarters to the other libraries .
this is not out of keeping with its origins , probably the most humble of any in the ivy group .
when an actual index word or a symbolic address is specified , autocoder will equate iocsixg to it .
nobody's mentioned it , but when ol' casey stengel takes over as boss of the new york mets , he'll be the only baseballight ever to wear the uniform of all new york area clubs , past and present : yankees , dodgers , giants , and now the mets .
it was almost one and i hadn't had lunch .
sec. 7 .
hours after a parade of his new soviet tanks and artillery , dictator fidel castro suddenly confronted the u.s. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the u.s. had to reduce its embassy and consulate staffs in cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled 87 u.s. citizens , plus 120 cuban employees ) .
the era , however , is janus-faced .
while individual sportsmen are aware of this situation , too many of our political , social , educational and even religious leaders too often forget it .
he had gone into the japanese navy , had been trained as an officer , had participated in one or two battles -- he never went into detail regarding his military experience -- and at the age of twenty-five , quite as a bolt out of the blue , he had walked into the mission as if he belonged here and had become a christian .
by this time churchill was not so cordial toward moving poland westward as he had been at teheran , where he and eden had both heartily approved the idea .
an alert dean will confer all through the year on personnel needs , plans for the future , qualifications of those on the job , and bright prospects elsewhere .
oversized monsters are never brought home either alive or preserved , and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions .
to their surprise , the children all were eager and quite able to take part .
perhaps a course in typewriting might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule .
he had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time .
`` under arms day and night , watch and watch about .
`` when are you to leave '' ? ?
`` laura , what would you say if i smoked a pipe '' ? ?
slender and tanned , her dark brown hair was drawn straight back , simply .
i circled the block and found he was in the parking lot of a high-class restaurant .
apropos of what some would call cynicism , i remember an anecdote the source of which i forget .
the country about cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery , though it offers easy going to the foot traveler .
ceylon has moved from a pro-western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the west .
however , they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures .
he and ana watched it carefully .
but what was the story ? ?
as i understand it , mr. hammarskjold wanted outside advice .
in the deep waters of the pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour .
he was staring at the blue china lamp left on beside him .
marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in non-dealer areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later .
in addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year , there are concerts by students of the music department , by members of the music faculty , and by visiting artists .
where did you go to school '' ? ?
i rubbed my hands together .
throughout the adirondack region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear ghostly testimony that their owners met defeat .
the creative urge , for example , transcends the body and the self .
the coronary arteries were sclerotic and diffusely narrowed throughout their courses , and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow atheromatous plaque 1.5 cm. distal to its origin .
mississippi closes its fiscal year on june 30 , while all of its cities close their fiscal years on september 30 .
`` you know , that's very interesting .
he trusts only himself and his wife .
the rate of plant and equipment spending by business and industry now seems to be topping out and facing some decline .
if a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations , it would start its kindergarten students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague american schools .
`` grubb '' , felix whispered .
i can see it from this window where i write .
for most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction .
`` it's a little contest martin and i have '' , she would begin gaily , carrying the anecdote through a frothy and deceptive course .
exploratory mood
integration `` has to do with the inter-relation of parts '' .
the years 1812 and 1813 saw him in germany and france again , but on this visit to berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey .
i'll take the middle .
such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement .
direct method .
among all the yankees , he is the veteran most friendly to rookies .
it ran until past one o'clock .
`` no '' , she smiled , `` objected '' .
less bull the more you can do with em .
i used to go with watson to call on the eminent neurologist at his apartment , to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of statues , paintings , and books and drink oriental coffee while watson seemed to thaw out and become almost affable .
turn the bastards over to me -- to me and my boys -- no nigger ever got what would be comin to them -- reactionary bastards .
she had two tiny rooms on the second floor .
then he stood back to look at mr. jack , who was pulling on his pigskin gloves .
it is but part of the whole process within the department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board .
but there was no trouble .
burned the other cheek ; ;
and , of course , you know not to take clippings '' .
in houston , there were a few incidents of friction between whites and negroes , none of which were serious .
aligning all the teeth may take a year or more .
`` receiving '' .
perhaps khrushchev is in a more difficult position than any since 1957 , when the `` anti-party group '' nearly liquidated him .
carefully he put down his steak knife and said loudly , `` mr. chairman '' ! !
among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light diatomic hydrides oh and ch ; ;
extraordinary precautions were taken so that no stranger be allowed in the city and no citizen within the enclosure surrounding the scaffold .
and the anxiety it generates is misinterpreted as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status .
imitation and borrowing of motifs now become ascertainable .
remove the child from the scene of his misbehavior .
he considered the sober possibility .
a system of `` gold '' -- actually yellow -- phones connects him with the offices and action stations of the secretary of defense , the joint chiefs of staff , the sac commander and other key men .
he asked .
doors that won't open , and doors that won't close and shelves and broken -- ''
the k factor , a term used to denote the rate of heat transmission through a material ( b.t.u./sq. ft. of material/hr./*0f./in. of thickness ) ranges from 0.24 to 0.28 for flexible urethane foams and from 0.12 to 0.16 for rigid urethane foams , depending upon the formulation , density , cell size , and nature of blowing agents used .
6 .
typical of such an experience was the occasion of a somewhat formal official welcome in the offices of the union of soviet artists .
i dismissed these feelings as wishful thinking but i could not get it out of my head that we had a strong physical attraction for one another and we both feared to dwell on it because of our relationship .
; ;
mr. smith , like the present secretary general , is a lawyer ; ;
`` love me , johnnie '' .
`` you killed it because you wanted to kill it , for no other reason '' .
the music of bini salfininistas , capital lp ab63711-r , one of the rare recordings of this titanic , yet unsung , composer .
the unfinished note , written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope , and addressed to the coroner , makes one wonder about many things : `` god forgive me for everything .
maybe he was only doing the best he knew how , like any of us .
dan asked hez , who had limped back from his team to hold the notched-stick chair braces in place while his boys swung up the tailgate and tied it tight at the ends .
there was little chance anyone would enter this shaft during the winter .
he couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground .
elisabeth schwarzkopf sang so magnificently saturday night at hunter college that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints .
this sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe .
metabolic responses to reduced oxygen tension ; ;
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to hwang pah to follow him .
`` uh -- sorry '' ! !
when governor al smith offered new york national guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state , it seemed a likely temporary solution , easing burlington's bottleneck and that at montpelier too .
today however , the `` outsider '' is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be acclimatized to the democratic processes of the secular or state university .
in the preparation of the questionnaire the problems noted above were carefully considered , and the structure and phraseology used were designed to minimize the effects of these limitations .
instead , he went down to new york and submitted welcome to our city to the theatre guild , which had asked him to let them have a look at it after professor baker had recommended it highly .
and some , which are suitable for tree growing and for other national forest purposes , are unmanaged or in need of expensive rehabilitation , and are contributing nothing to the economy ; ;
manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances , and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial .
the clock on the mantel piece was scandalized and ticked so loudly that he glanced at it over his shoulder and then quickly left the room .
much interest has also been expressed in new techniques for processing the urethane foams , including spraying , frothing , and molding ( see article , p. 391 for details ) .
but i told him , goddammit .
-- it don't matter .
it will be painted to match the paneling in the room .
their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly fortunes , but also the mandate of their newfound power as spirits in the other half of the universe .
industrial division personnel worked with 54 out-of-state and 97 rhode island concerns during 1960 , many of whom are still interested in a rhode island location .
may i say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger pliny's , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic latin , says , ' the more haste , the less peed ' '' .
a burlesque paean entitled : `` hark the herald tribune , times , and all the other angels sing '' brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even motion-picture ballyhooey .
and so off we went to her apartment .
at the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie .
indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed .
the formal position of americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the jewish symbol is already clear ; ;
she got out of the coffee shop before the incident could be repeated .
it must be getting more serious .
let the open enemy to it be regarded as a pandora with her box opened ; ;
in all big cities outside the south , and even in small towns within the south , radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at negro listeners .
in some cases , it may be more advantageous to assign locations to rdws associated with da and dc areas in some other part of storage , i.e. , not immediately preceding the da or dc areas .
when prudence and blackberry were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the radiator with their leashes , and they would cry .
if only they and fausto cleva in the pit had got together a bit more .
watson pounded to the crawling man and stopped , panting heavily .
the show was colorful , indeed , exuberant , but the press for all its assiduity could detect no note of a fateful rendezvous with destiny .
then every linear operator t in v can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator d and a nilpotent operator n which commute .
early in 1822 he was at fort garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco .
curt twisted to one side , and the tines of the fork bit into the floor .
they caused my love for jessica to become warmer and at the same time more hopeless , as if my adolescent self knew that only torment would ever bring me the courage to ask to see her again .
what made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation , rhode island scored marked progress in new industry , new plants , and new jobs .
for the lines of any plane , **yp , meeting q in a conic c , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve c' into which c is transformed in the point involution on q .
with the divinities present and our souls in place , we were wished health , happiness , and power .
the evening of our first day we drove with christopher and judy sakellariadis , who were friends and patients of norton , to dine at a restaurant on the shores of the aegean .
also lucy and winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` importunately '' .
( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ;
which he obviously had to be given the opportunity to say .
his speech shows none of the native accent of the russian characters ; ;
this is a choice item and grappely deserves mention too , of course .
sunday he had added , `` we can love eisenhower the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the republican party without his leadership '' .
a more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that brandywine people in the urban-fringe area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas .
if you find out anything , come on back here and we'll get started on it '' .
the adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout rhode island , based on a july 1 to june 30 year , are shown below .
`` i knew i was carrying on with abstraction to its very end -- for me '' , he said of the two years' output in virginia .
a reception and tea followed .
moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances .
in his cdc work , carvey has the close-in support and advice of one of california's shrewdest political strategists : former democratic national committeeman paul ziffren , who backed him over a northland candidate espoused by atty. gen. stanley mosk .
mr. werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week .
one of the hardest chores a detective has is hanging around on a city street , trying to make himself inconspicuous , keeping an eye on the entrance of an office building and waiting .
i was seated next to the director of the seventh day adventists' world radio program .
but if it had been , it had been smothered until now by fear ) : you could tell it by the way she watched the older , bigger boys , like jack .
help when needed
he had reached the three passive guards ; ;
he felt strong as a giant .
most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines .
)
the soldier answered in a curious , muffled voice , his lips barely moving .
there was nothing quite like being alone on a boat on the ocean .
in this instance , because of incomplete septation , the secondary lobule does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 .
through most of 1787 operations on both sides had been lackadaisical ; ;
the two events are taking place at the same time .
as she hung up , she saw through the hall's open window the purple-black flying of the cowbirds' wings , and heard their grotesque singing .
otherwise , you may be saddled with a good-size milk bill by milk drinkers .
the method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a calorimeter .
st. john 10 .
`` yes , he's just there .
it is endless .
roads and river barges to be built .
americans are a nation of joiners , a quality which our friends find endearing and sometimes amusing .
a number of foods are quite acceptable as regards taste and palatability , however , at dosages substantially less than sterilization levels .
it might have been several days .
mike felt disappointed that mahmoud had left ; ;
if the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on saturday , sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a saturday , sunday , or legal holiday .
the study of greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college , and lucy upton too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men .
this time he delayed so long that some of the engages shouted frantically , but they held their fire .
`` ah , you're too old '' , was invariably his ungallant and untrue retort whenever i suggested `` starting a family '' .
adrien deslonde hastened to alexander's side .
in february , 1959 , during the second admission to the new york hospital , a biopsy specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the sarcolemmal sheath nuclei and shrunken muscle fibers in several sections .
this is interesting for it combines both the thermodynamic concept of a minimum gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium .
many potters clung to the past the more determinedly as they were confronted with radically new ideas ; ;
this is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft .
i was full of hope as fidel castro came into havana .
in the meantime , generations keep being born , bitterness is increased by incompetence , pride , and folly , and the world shrinks around us .
one did one's best and if fortune frowned , an eighteen-year-old boy with murder in his heart sailed aboard one's ship .
the fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher premiums .
undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his prize-winning pupils ( every pupil has a physique title of some kind or other ) .
during the excitement following lindbergh's flight to paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil aviators overnight became legendary heroes .
two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood .
he was one of the most prominent magazine illustrators in america ; ;
from the point of view of syntactic analysis the head word in the statement is the predicator has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; ;
he went around the corner and parked , turning off his lights and motor .
and one of $2,000 under the will of miss celia l. brett of hamilton , new york , a friend from the early days .
her face was pale but set and her dark eyes smoldered with blame for ben .
it is awe-inspiring .
financing emerged as the main obstacle .
if we can't raise the capital , we're through .
nothing at all '' , he said quietly .
i loved my garden '' .
what irritated miriam was that wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made , which he considered she would accept `` when she tires of publicity '' .
the commerce department said seasonally adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under $18 billion in april , down 1% from the march level of more than $18.2 billion .
if we want to preserve our sovereignty , this is the way to do it ; ;
the idea of the march pleased her .
armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , mrs. geraghty `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' .
`` i want to tell you something thomas demontez lord .
he evolved programs that plumbed new depths of bathos and besmirched whole networks , and quickly superseded his boss .
he smiled and stuck a large finger with white hairs sprouting on it into his ear as though that might help .
it will be transfered on completion to the industrial foundation of rhode island , a non-profit organization , which will reimburse us for the cost of construction .
he even buys a lot of the products he sees advertised -- despite the fact that the copy makes no special bid for his favor and sponsors rarely use any but white models in commercials .
as retinal images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to theorize on the transmission of an image which is already in required location .
he went then to a 40-year-old basel art dealer named ernst beyeler , with whom he had long been trading pictures .
most assuredly ideas are invaluable .
the victim , norman b. wiley , 38 , of the 900 block north charles street , was treated for cuts at franklin square hospital after the robbery .
if we could see more deeply , we probably would find many side issues and wrong turnings which came to an end within the period .
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the berlin cycles ; ;
bring along the conventional ones -- catsup , pickle relish , mustard , mayonnaise -- plus a few extras , such as tangy barbecue sauce , chive cream cheese , or horse-radish for the brave ones in the crowd .
you don't know me but i know you .
at the state department , hard-bitten russian experts complained that the capitol was out of its wits .
he teaches at the manhattan school of art '' .
this gives a rate of shear of af .
`` either that or a veterinarian '' .
transit .
the war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides .
the average annual rate of 1,083,000 in the second half of the sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of 1,525,000 in the three-year period from april 1947 to march 1950 .
this will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner .
keeping the hands in the starting position , run in place to a quick rhythm .
in 1936 he decided to migrate to america .
those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one .
if the drift error is systematic , it can be canceled with a bias circuit which can be arranged and adjusted to supply the required compensating current .
the moment of truth is the moment of crisis .
both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars .
the essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868 , when the county commissioners laid out all the merrimack bridges as highways .
there is unceasing pressure , but its sources are immediate .
`` if you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our corporation '' , sturley wrote , `` besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for recompence '' .
other classes are included only by myself ( interrogatives , adverbs ) or only by swadesh and hoijer ( pronouns , demonstratives ) .
berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by wagner in the morning press conference .
he collaborated on a song with william hartman woodin , who was secretary of the treasury , 1932-33 .
`` not now '' , wilson said .
does lincoln mills suggest that if congress granted jurisdiction over interstate divorce cases , the federal courts would be authorized to fashion a national law for the dissolution of marriages ? ?
what did you do with them '' ? ?
mr. herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from israel and the standard american ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic tunefulness of both idioms .
`` bout takin his place '' he listened , waited , nothing happened .
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few .
the positivist tells us that when we say this we are only expressing our present emotion .
so , too , was the insistence on the relativity of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , indwelling spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to ratiocinating consciousness .
like about half of the 1860 - 70 poems , it is a sonnet on a conventional theme -- the unhappiness of love .
he indicates that he has none of the , disciplines that criticism requires , including education ; ;
probably the primary reason for special treatment of a net operating loss carryover is the unique opportunity it presents for tax avoidance .
the criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of over- or under-achievement .
( on deduction of one-eighth from 3.46 , the stem / item rate becomes 3.03 against 2.75 in equivalent number of languages .
evaluation may be made on either a soil-removal or a grease-removal basis as desired .
in the lower center rack an 8-channel recorder indicates the percentage of carbon dioxide and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung , the total volume of inhalation per breath , the flow of air from both lobes , and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other .
the dairy truck driver ; ;
the third applies only to index words .
where was mr. flannagan , he wondered .
his broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him .
further , change is a form of motion , it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the terminus of the change .
the occasion was sentimental ; ;
rather on the medium side .
the registry of motor vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 .
the 7 , hwa-shan in shensi , west china ; ;
`` my mother read a book right after i was born and there was a lilian in the book she loved and i became lilian -- and eventually i became paula '' .
we can force britain and france out of the suez , but we cannot so much as try to force the russian tanks back from budapest .
the new offering tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of 4-7/8 debentures , due june 1 , 1986 , at 100% , and $60 million of 4-1/2% convertible subordinated debentures due june 1 , 1991 , at 100% .
according to the chicago tribune news service , state atty. gen. stanley mosk of california has devised a series of questions which the joiner might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name : 1 .
he had died there .
roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , regardless of individuals .
of course , males play a role there , but believe me when i say you wouldn't enjoy yourself one bit on eromonga .
after a sort of death march during four days without food , helion and his comrades were shipped by cattle-car to a labor camp at an estate farm in east germany .
this connection was clarified by smith and smith ( 1922 ) , who showed that saline extracts of fresh bovine pituitary glands could re-activate the atrophied thyroids of hypophysectomised tadpoles .
`` tomorrow will be a new experience -- i have never before made love to a nightingale .
he wanted desperately to see kayabashi defeated , the communists in the village rooted out , the mission standing triumphant , for in the triumph of the lord he himself would be triumphant , too .
they felt rough and kind and warm .
use three strips of clay to hold in place ( see fig. 2 , page 71 ) .
now he knew perfectly that he had but longed to increase his own suffering .
one of these is the `` dissolve '' , which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene .
there is no evidence that these milquetoasts became suddenly emboldened when they crossed the threshhold of the master bedroom .
'' the other important difference between the two constitutions was that the president of the confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term .
the troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' .
the first superhighways -- new york's henry hudson and chicago's lake shore , san francisco's bay bridge and its approaches , a good slice of the pennsylvania turnpike -- were built as part of the federal works program which was going to cure the depression .
''
you should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water .
the inspector declined .
every morning contingents of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories .
for what i express in my remark is something going on in me at the time , and that of course did not exist until i did come on the scene .
referring further to the foundation's officers , dr. james f. mathias , for eleven years our discerning colleague as associate secretary , was promoted to be secretary .
equipment
dave trager , who is quite a showman and boss of chicago's new pro basketball packers , is debuting a new international club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the stock yards inn .
spring used a brush surface-analyzer in a metal-cleaning study and showed considerable differences in soil removal , depending upon surface roughness .
for the first time in his life he forgot the lyrics midway through and had to cover up by humming the rest .
the texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening kickoff when denver's al carmichael was jarred loose from the ball when dave grayson , the speedy halfback , hit him and guard al reynolds claimed it for dallas .
he thought of the men , the nameless thousands , huddling in them .
the smell is sexual , but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it .
in a camp , instead of shipboard , hiding the secret was easier .
some time ago , however , mr. khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made , the soviet union would make them .
my memory has catalogued for easy reference and withdrawal the image of her pink , scented stationery and the unsloped , almost printed configurations of her neat , studious handwriting with which she invited me to recall our summer , so many sentences beginning with `` remember when ; ;
it might be contended , of course , that eichmann in stubbornly denying anti-semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-semitism .
the clerk was almost hysterical .
in 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the newly-created department of administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government .
minerals exploration
the new york central has pointed out that this control , if approved by the interstate commerce commission , would give the combined c. & o. - b. & o. railroad a total of 185 points served in common with the new york central .
a naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the monroe doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' .
a religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere .
these women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to thomas jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` keep alive their attention '' .
results vary with types of food , storage conditions , and objectives of treatment -- commonly of the order of 0.2 mrads but up to about 0.8 aj .
some time before midnight he returned to his apartment and hit the sack , putting the whole incident out of mind before he fell asleep .
therapy included digitalization and anticoagulation .
`` me and you's trading hats so's you'll have something permanent to remember me by '' ! !
already some of the pain had gone from amelia's death .
attending the life class was my idea -- or rather , askington's idea , but i was ripe for it , and the other two wouldn't have gone if i hadn't talked them into it .
mr. rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label .
it lessens the need for costly on-site fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication , where almost everything can be made better and cheaper .
`` well '' -- i didn't -- i didn't ever want to see that woman again .
political , economic and military experts were all agreed that chaotic , mountainous little laos was the last place in the world to fight a war -- and they were probably right .
2 .
he climbed down , went back into the tunnel and tossed the razor into the pit .
the responses were carefully checked for obvious errors in the answers or for questions that were apparently not understood by the respondent .
hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane **yp , any tangent to q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through l .
you see , he lied to us when he said he was leavin alone '' .
properties
the government of india further agrees in cooperation with the government of the united states , to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the government of the united states of america , so that both sources of financing may be channeled to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects .
it was one thing to awaken outside a restaurant where your parents were eating and quite another to awaken in a strange garage and know your parents had gone on home without you .
so he wound up with a dozen .
`` i was expecting it , sure .
i would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress mrs. coolidge is wearing in this painting .
these could be met only by considering the dynamical elements of several planets at one time .
mrs. long wished all the juniors luck in the class and stated , `` have fun ! !
this time as a musician .
the guard instinctively parried the blow with his rifle .
) but he read on .
should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier , giffen was to provide passage at once .
as a result of the state board of education plan , negro children entered heretofore white elementary schools in five districts .
here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking .
set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl .
during the period , the laboratory rendered centralized macropathological service to qualified requesters .
traders from the english colonies were far more generous , and indian loyalty turned to them .
a week in arrears , and without means to pay , i must go , it is the only right thing .
toward the end of his fourth hairy highball , while he was moodily making wet rings on the table-top with the bottom of the glass , he became aware that he was not alone .
it also provides facilities and incitements for the development of personality , sociality , and creativeness .
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an oriental courtesan waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues chants of ma rainy and other negro singers -- but usually the comparison is specious .
they like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term leases by strong oil companies .
and when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing .
it was a good report , he did all he could to make it a good report .
currently , there are some 6000 companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic components .
you too were a stupid jackass until you poisoned me .
the internationally known sportsman and traveler friedrich gerstacker was typical of its detractors in the mid-thirties .
`` we'll take the truth to the people , and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in november '' .
linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance .
6 .
he said in a studied voice , `` i didn't do it for you .
in gaul the saxon element on its saxon shore was plainly visible because there the saxons were an intrusive element in the population .
fretting privately but eschewing public defense of his terrorized bureaucrats , dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way .
a figment of carl anderson's imagination .
there weren't facilities to take care of them ; ;
department stores congregated in the `` one hundred per cent location '' , where all the transit lines converged .
the government pays a subsidy for revival of the classics , and this policy attracts experimenters who sometimes put moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results .
it could halt a flood of communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching castro .
then why was he assuming the role -- the gesture and the suffering ? ?
chuck hinton tripled to the rightfield corner , cliff cook and dan pavletich singled and gaines' infield roller accounted for the tallies .
eugene offered harold his car , to use at any time he cared to , and when this offer was not accepted , the armchair creaked .
mr. podger sat down in it , pushed himself back and forth in one or two slow , rhythmic motions , and then swung his feet up into it .
the snake slid slowly and with great care from the new ridge the plow had made , into the furrow and did not go any further .
what else he said was lost in the rattle of gunfire on all sides .
houston police gave her a third , less flamboyant , title , prostitute .
`` chicago has some of the best '' --
that picture of the american prairie is as indelibly fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the american continent as any later cinema image of the west made in live-oak canyons near hollywood .
desegregation in pulaski county is pending because of court order , although date of admission is not yet determined .
once out in the street , the traffic was a gadfly maze in which he wandered stricken .
but suddenly those hot-honey eyes seemed to have everything but swarms of bees in them .
pa'd been shit-sick in that pot .
she thought she was going to die .
that was nearly 13 years ago .
he held his arms close to his sides and made himself as small as possible .
when he came to the movies -- more or less by accident -- they were still cheap entertainment capable of enthralling the unthinking for an idle few minutes .
fairchild camera and kawecki chemical gained 2-1/2 each .
felix threw his head back and laughed a laugh that shook the timbers of even that solidly built old house .
pelham said sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` quickie '' vote on the increase can be repealed outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought .
`` i can't leave the party ! !
john lifted his hand for silence .
but one night dookiyoon moved in the direction of the women's lodge , where shades of night had gone to purify herself .
so rules we made , in unabashed collusion .
he would not be like the `` rich americans '' who lived in white-columned houses on the other side of the park .
mickey backed off two steps , forcing him to come on again .
thus every part and plane of the picture keeps changing place in relative depth with every other part and plane ; ;
he put the shells on the table , as though he could no longer bear to hold them .
though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas .
alaska and hawaii .
madame lalaurie gestured with her riding crop toward the 20-year-old youth who was stomping and writhing with the king snake still draped over his bare shoulders .
in substance , said the court , there was no transfer of equitable title .
the sine qua non of the elections was naturally an impartial and standardized procedure .
reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen .
not that there had not been attempts , mostly european , to do exactly that .
in a few years we will have samos ( semiautomatic missile observation system ) .
professor cestre , could it be ? ?
there are a lot of scandinavians in this neck of the woods , and many still make painted furniture and take steam-baths .
the role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration .
it was enough for people to know that at one time he had looked down the street at the fleshy suppleness of a woman he had consumed -- watching her become thinner and thinner in the distance , as thin as the seams on her stockings , and still thinner .
rodding formulas apply to many phases of the sport .
man , you rang -- it was in color , too , miss , and miss ? ?
he evidently could not actually see the corners of these objects , but their size and the dots gave them away .
going , he saw as often before some queer , hideous yellow face over his head , shining and weird like the old images which had invested him at other times like those that appear sometimes near the eyeballs when they are perhaps pressed by the thumbs .
not all st. louis industries , of course , have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood .
one of his innovations was to see to it that every man -- cook and clerk as well as rifleman -- qualified with every weapon in the troop .
there are ice cubes in a container at the far end and in another by the office .
she once gave a german recitation before a convention of german-language teachers in milwaukee .
rather , the generality of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values .
and , `` i do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the march family , which had first appeared when henrietta was eight ; ;
sing sing's prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards .
sba makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms .
since mrs. calhoun remembered only that the marriage had been in the spring , he started to plod through several months .
he had no idea where seward's room would be .
nevertheless , it is from the selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for furthering the broader interests of the trade .
maybe one could be startled into forgetfulness .
once the pool of recruits diminishes , the congregation is helpless -- friendly contacts no longer keep it going .
glendora dropped a chicken and a flurry of feathers , and went with her through the drizzle , to the storehouse .
but she was afraid the first lady would not understand , because rob roy was a perfect angel with the first family .
for a while he was content to let events develop in their good time .
his father looked him over closely .
a study at the pentagon and at the service academies revealed that nothing was being done there .
the legislature's role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to appropriating funds for vehicles .
`` i guess so '' , she said taking a kleenex from her purse .
miami beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , palm-studded beaches plus the miami seaquarium and parrot jungle .
who is the man to take his place ? ?
ibm has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back .
he felt his empty pocket and knew that roberts had retrieved the only weapon at hand .
however , if the child has been constantly surrounded , during nursery and early school age , by peer groups ; ;
the government was most anxious that there be a respectable response .
since af are linearly independent functions and the exponential function has no zeros , these r functions af , form a basis for the space of solutions .
a characteristic expression of such concern and inquiry is found in joseph p. lyford's introduction to the agreeable autocracies , a recent paperback study of the institutions of modern democratic society .
earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of introjects that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a passerby as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would vocalize in various kinds of voice .
if you do decide to write , you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and dejection .
`` i've just been talking to dr. michelson '' , i said .
when a plan burst its seams , hasty conferences supply the necessary patch , and life goes merrily on .
does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term ? ?
on the evening that they were to sail , lewis himself gave a party , but he was too indisposed to appear at it .
but when former gov. marvin griffin and lt. gov. byrd accepted the invitations of the georgia state chamber of commerce to join the tour next november , the situation was aggravated .
the latter is not reduced to the former .
is the mother of an `` autistic '' child at fault ? ?
limited interests .
an entire theater had been set up for his diversion , with a 200-man italian orchestra under the well-known sarti .
`` yes , indeed .
his eyes were black and deep-set , and expressionless .
but she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will `` give with the basin street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that lester lanin's orchestra will take over during the dancing .
it had a single porcelain stall and but one cabinet for the chairing of the bards .
`` there's a big boat anchored near the place de la concorde , with a swimming pool in it -- didn't you notice it ? ?
in the comedy division , the kings simply augment talent and imagination with a few props .
adult education courses , work-study programs of various sorts -- these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in furthering educational opportunities for out-of-school youth .
you can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters , the greater the chance for violation of family privacy , annoying noise and the let's-make-your-house-our-club attitude .
then i shut off the device again .
even before it was formally dissolved in 1912 , the a.l.a.m. was succeeded by the automobile board of trade , the direct lineal ancestor of the present-day automobile manufacturers association .
it is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` for whom the bell tolls '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ;
in the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage .
but i wouldn't spend a night in here for a million bucks '' ! !
for mr. taylor's images and reflections she made some diaphanous tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer , and a girl's cape lined with grass .
pompeii expected romeo's small body to sink closer and closer to the ground .
the plight of a small community library is proportionately worse .
the reel itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies .
not all , as a matter of fact , consider themselves `` mediums '' in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased .
after he had proceeded a few feet , he paused and turned up the cuffs of his trousers , which were already damp and mud-caked .
-- opportunities for christian service
to carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale .
throughout `` the making of a president '' mr. white shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles .
i'll do anything for somebody i like .
nonsense '' .
) an authentic diffraction pattern is always obtained and optical properties are frequently checked .
i knew better but i was thinking of the pedersen kid mother-naked in all that dough .
not content to create only the music and lyrics , noel coward also wrote the book and directed sail away ( capitol wao 1643 ; ;
to my way of thinking , he was scared sick .
drug's chemical name :
now let's make sure they're japs '' .
they now lead louisville by a full game on top of the american association pack .
there will be no mitigation of these offences until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` national association of schools of art '' .
`` so there it is '' , he said .
after all , that's the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy '' .
drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be weeded out .
this test resulted in further revisions of the questionnaire .
drums , xylophones , castanets , and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well .
thus , in the example cited above fromm rests his whole case on the premise that the workers are being deprived unconsciously , unknowingly , of fulfillment , and then supports this with survey data reporting conscious , experienced frustrations .
loveless , too , objected .
by accepted definition , a 1-ton conditioner will provide 12,000 btu of cooling in one hour .
the old man beckoned with one finger and clayton went forward to him .
`` a small measure of payment , marine '' .
the final issue of the englishman , no. 57 for february 15 , ran to some length and was printed as a separate pamphlet , entitled the englishman : being the close of the paper so-called .
the separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be reckoned as permanent institutions .
that notion is fantastically wrong-headed from several points of view .
now the only way in which all curves of the image family of af can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of af which is not a secant but a tangent of **zg , for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of tangency .
bushes and vines abetted the rocks in forming thorny detours for the struggling stranger , and without the direct light of the sun to act as compass , pamela could no longer be positive of her direction .
it enclosed her clammy hands and twined around her ankles .
for a while there was such shrill girlish commotion i couldn't have made myself heard if i'd had the equivalent of the message to garcia .
arthur `` bugs '' baer wrote to me just recently , `` vic wanted to die in harness , with his head towards the wagon .
with multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly .
after all , you want the senora as much as you want the boy .
there seemed to be no excuse ? ?
if you got too many people investing by this method , their operations would begin to affect stock prices , and thus throw the charts off .
for one cup of coffee .
with increasing advance of the knife into the coating the shear plane extends to the coatings surface and the shear angle rapidly decreases .
i was dead tired and slept soundly , as far as i know dreamlessly .
she'd driven around for a while , joyce said , then , thinking louis thor would have calmed down by that time , she'd gone back to his home on bryn mawr drive , parked in front , and walked toward the pool .
the aimless milling about of what had been a well-trained , well-organized crew struck alexander with horror .
she made better pictures than any book he'd read , but he didn't say so .
but though the southern states , when drafting a constitution to unite themselves , narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede , the fact remained that by seceding from the union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states .
it now means ominous , as when one speaks of a funny sound in the motor ; ;
many companies have systems , particularly in r & d , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration , as will be abundantly apparent in subsequent quotations .
`` what a nasty fall was there '' ! !
`` i don't know what you're getting into , mike '' , he said unhappily .
he could think of nothing else save his mental image of her nude figure and what charles had said that morning about margaret rider .
phil stood up .
this was the worst thing i could have said .
`` i'm billy tilghman '' , said the stranger , `` and i've come for pat conyers' body '' .
he is not lost in the abyss of endless time ; ;
the men of your company would not allow your name dishonored .
the supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to maintain two-to-three weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies .
i had to ride a streetcar two miles .
although we continue to pay our conversational devotions to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the marketplace '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is corroding representative government , technology is weakening the citizen's confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' .
all the women were beautiful , and the men were equal to them ; ;
it'll be a tedious job , but if you want to try it , the old newspaper files are in the basement here in the county supervisor's office '' .
) left vague , the spirit of vigilantism is spreading .
a minimum of four sessions of preparation for membership is necessary for adults .
at first matilda could not believe her own eyes .
the brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the dormitory and dining together at the home of their aunt .
your livelihood .
with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , the understanding of the government of the united states of america , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 )
around new england , you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque lighthouses .
and if a poll had been taken immediately following the dispatch of troops to little rock i believe the majority would have been for the old south .
this was typical of such games , which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship .
karen marcmann , age 16 , trapp , penna. , showing a keeshond was 4th .
recently i was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening i listened to no fewer than ten different performances .
he had a good idea why not .
each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript .
a duf entry must be supplied for every unit record file describing the type of file and the unit record equipment to be used .
what data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; ;
the weird sisters wait for the soul of macbeth .
still , the sensation always surprised him .
but he still wanted to know why .
joel worked like a field hand in the afternoons after school .
questions shelters
he let his eyelids droop and breathed heavily , feigning sleep .
woodruff wanted this political windfall very badly , and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his stanchest supporter .
forced to realize that this was the end of a very short line i scanned a road marker and discovered what the end of a slightly longer line would be for the old mexican : moriarty , new mexico .
since af is ferromagnetic , we felt that any results obtained from the magnetically contaminated af would be suspect .
`` but it does confirm what i've suspected all along '' .
yet britain in the nineteenth century became the vade mecum of beginning students of history , went through edition after edition , and continues to be reprinted up to the very present .
the amount of platform dip required depends upon the scale factors of the system .
these principles we have now set forth .
vacuum- and pressure-formed sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics .
mr. monagan .
from the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in moroccan politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government .
he had driven the car that passed them on the road outside admassy's place .
would he meet him in baltimore in drawing room a , car three on the train leaving washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ?
`` my right leg's stiff as a board this morning '' , he replied .
hiding out like this won't get him anything , except more trouble , or a bullet '' .
hardly glancing at her , i smiled a bleak one which said , thanks , baby , but i'd rather be alone .
such mine defense systems could permit concentration of mobile forces in the open oceans with consequent increase in the probability of success .
by 800 social and cultural security had been achieved , at least on a simple plane ; ;
probably his horse would be close to where he was hiding .
weak hands ask , what is going on ? ?
something i had simply never thought of .
it's still unbelievable that it was murder .
and although they were , as i have indicated , under increasing strain at the time of racine , they are still alive in his theatre .
they had come not to admire but to observe .
sometimes , although by no means always , these are indeed alkaline .
a tax-free reorganization not complying with the merger or consolidation statutes of the states involved is difficult to fit into an `` operation of law '' mold .
these reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of hypoadrenocorticism .
it will rip and shred easily for madame '' .
`` all right '' .
perhaps one of the reasons these sonatas are not programmed more often is their great length .
the advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well synchronized fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for rhode island municipalities to exert effort to secure them .
presentable in his wide-cut brown suit , the well-made riding boots .
there are a great number and variety of private commercial schools , trade schools and technical schools .
he became otto klemperer's personal assistant at the cologne opera , and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor .
the secretary of the interior may issue rules and regulations to effectuate the purposes of this act .
this is a mistake .
clasping his hands behind his head , he stared at the blue sky .
but with the convening of the new congress , he was the public man again , presiding over the senate until john kennedy's inauguration .
docherty was damned if he would make a fool of himself again the way he had earlier over the laundry truck .
`` i know '' .
the press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking , rather than his convictions .
no jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater .
use of nomenclature , symbols , units , physical constants :
these were oersted's main contacts in science .
it was given or it was not given .
but because it was a suspense gangster story of the capone era , many of us felt that it might catch on for a run in chicago , continue as a road company , and eventually become a movie .
others unknown .
platform heading consists of orienting the sensitive axis of the accelerometers parallel to the desired coordinate system of the navigator .
and this in addition to his usual fear of being among people of high society , his fear of making some inane or inappropriate remark .
at any rate , it shows us how immaterial we are .
we shall consider these in the inverse order of their presentation .
they realized the truth .
the unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the heart , by the way of the breath , to the line '' .
that finished the job that captain chandler and lieutenant carroll had begun .
looking the setup over , stevens started coolly for the rear of the place .
one might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack .
you may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose .
between 1944 and 1947 helion had a series of one-man shows -- at the paul rosenberg gallery in new york and in paris -- of his new realistic pictures .
but here again , the surface-declaring device both overshoots and falls short of its aim .
`` mrs. roberts had called , and couldn't wake you .
with the existence of these many factors , some of them variable , it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the commission to make assignments of am stations on a case-to-case basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances .
after gagarin became the greatest man in the world , for a nation that does not believe in the cult of personality or in careerism , moreland wrote me a letter in which he said : `` i am not interested in how long a bee can live in a vacuum , or how far it can fly .
averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population .
first of the problems attacked would be fatigue and emotional tension , since action relieves both .
even as he said it , greg knew they had found the enemy .
this is known as conformational entropy .
in 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to bornholm , one of the danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition .
he gave me a ticket on the agency car and parked it .
he had a round , frank irish face , creased in a jovial grin that stayed bleakly in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body .
he remembered seeing it last night , when he put away his small store of bachelor-type eatables .
that was why he hadn't been able to finish the porch .
and once medicine , food , clothing and shelter had been provided for the flood's victims , communications and the mail were the next top problems .
he is the sexton of the church .
that's your setting , and a sinister one .
the result was his inevitable bedazzlement through , ignorance .
birthplace of the nation , the northeast offers historic battlefields ; ;
these are inexpensive and available from the u. s. geological society , washington 25 , d. c. .
his company , spice-nice , will receive a $250 award , which will be distributed among the 16 charter members .
even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future .
guests were juniors in the public high schools .
historically , the flaming sword laid across this eden is the civil war .
the waves may keep coming for many hours .
sir -- i hasten to join in praise of the men in the toll booths on the garden state parkway .
the attendant recognized me once more and said , `` what did you do about that office '' ? ?
stained or unstained sections were examined under dark field illumination in a zeiss fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp ( osram hbo 200 ) .
true , there had been raids on naples -- but naples was pretty far north on the opposite coast .
adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely .
he didn't look like what i thought of as an old man , and his lively and erudite speech made him seem even younger .
mrs. henry t. sulcer of winnetka , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit .
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely jewish and the other vaguely christian .
and we can add that krutch's interpretation of purgation is also one answer to plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions .
fort lauderdale
from this , motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data .
help him ! !
the quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries .
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies aforesaid in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ;
mr. keo agreed .
what had been the ambassador's suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick .
you may have your boat of wood , canvas , plywood , plastic , or metal .
national defense considerations have been the major reason behind most federal training expenditures in recent decades .
`` there is more to the conspiracy .
the defeat and death of adolf of nassau at the hands of albert of habsburg also worked to the disadvantage of the english , for all the efforts to revive the anti-french coalition came to nothing when philip made an alliance with the new king of the romans .
equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context .
) in all three arenas , they seemed certain of victory -- especially with sam rayburn applying his whiplash .
)
af is instrumentally determined .
if they're japs .
i took a deep breath and an even deeper swallow of my drink , and said , `` i admit that going back to ralph waldo emerson for humor is like going to a modern musical comedy for music and comedy '' .
whatever the psychological truth in the oedipus myth , an oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is unknowing renews the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and absorbs us in the secret .
each man had a bubble to himself , privacy after the long period of enforced intimacy on board the ship .
sometimes he would grunt softly to some invisible onlooker beside him , sometimes he would look stern and moralistic as his pencil did what he disapproved .
washington
such mannerisms would be less worthy of remark , were it not that in great expectations , as in no other of dickens' novels , hands serve as a leitmotif of plot and theme -- a kind of unifying symbol or natural metaphor for the book's complex of human interrelationships and the values and attitudes that motivate them .
as he had done on his first imperial sortie a year and a half before , lewis trekked southeast through red russia to kamieniec .
in the basement the sheriff took him to a small , dingy office occupied by a tall , thin man informal in rolled-up shirt sleeves .
he was on the thin side , with big hands , and the kind of wrists that give away the power in forearm and bicep .
and why do we in the west know so few of his ballets ? ?
from burlington , outgoing mail could be ferried across lake champlain to the railroad at port kent , n. y. .
`` then what about the second interim public announcement ? ?
the new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind .
he mumbled at her but let himself be led off inside the house , shuffling mightily to make it clear how weak and aged he was and how he was buffeted about by those who still had their wicked strength .
he frowned .
dr. james b. conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and unemotional school reformer .
`` if you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said .
`` i was full of booze and , well , a drunk is apt to do anything he says he'll do '' .
but there is every reason to regard deal as a monosyllable , and because of the fact that /l/ commonly has the quality of aab/ when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory rhyme with deal .
the peace corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the american people to think anew and start afresh in their participation in world development .
in the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel .
at one and the same time , she was within it but still searching for the drawbridge that would give her entry .
and he was handsome , despite the long thin scar that slanted across his cheek .
`` this is my rock '' .
`` evadna mae evans got all her baby clothes from best's liliputian bazaar in new york , and i'm sick and tired of hearing about evadna mae evans '' .
hustler ( knight dream-torkin ) is a playful bay rascal of a colt , not the best gaited , but he surely can pace and is right there with them , and sometimes leading them , in the best miles .
the submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or disenfranchisement in the abstract .
in view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial consumptive uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto .
eddie lee moved over to mike deegan's side .
he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement .
at these words of sympathy and understanding , harmony said generously , `` i don't mind setting here along with gran while you go out and join in the games '' .
food for frustration .
`` for these and other reasons '' , says dr. brodie , `` orthodontics can prolong the life of teeth '' .
`` hesperus '' ? ?
they headed in that direction and , at san juan capistrano by-the-sea came upon barco sitting in the quaint old spanish mission drive-in , eating a hot tamale .
nathaniel morton stated he `` was deeply leavened with blasphemous and familistical opinions '' .
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of france's rising spirit of resistance to her conquerors , was much complimented for his daring military action .
the objective of the study was to determine the opinions and practices of small firms selling to defense programs .
the 2 , the san kiang ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) southwest ; ;
of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones .
this catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` nanook of the north '' , `` the emperor's nightingale '' , and `` the red balloon '' .
she could see that mr. gorboduc was intrigued ; ;
in later years josephus daniels was to claim that world war 1 , was the first in american history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers .
if a customer wishes a special cut , it will not be available .
the seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with bathers , drowning thousands of them and flattening villages along the shore .
if it is assumed that the formula given by lodge of cosec af applies , the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis , and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated .
what matters is that while fromm's reading of the data is not the only one possible , it is precisely the one we would expect from a writer who earnestly believes that every man can and ought to be happy and satisfied .
he claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' prejudicial to his position ' '' .
theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the af bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid .
the authors insist , however , that these abnormalities in the sense of touch were due absolutely to no organic disorders in that sense faculty but rather to the injuries which the patient had sustained to the sense of sight .
blue ribbons went to stephanie shaw of hillsboro , larry hinton of beaverton .
gross answered .
it could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship presupposes some local stabilities .
kings 4 , have rated as a popular act in vegas and western nightclubs .
in the process he writes at length about many related matters : the importance of race , religion , local tradition , bosses , organizations , zealous volunteers and television .
the safe is a repository for three dead flashlight batteries , a hundred and fifty unused left-hand fingerprint cards , a stack of unsold policemen's ball tickets from last year , and thirty-seven cents in coins and stamps .
his present maximum altitude , up against the overcast , gave him the opportunity to exploit his advantages .
in many cases , you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector .
but these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ;
glendora put down a dish of lukewarm rice .
but he admired housman's `` subtle intellectuality '' and delighted in the inversion by which divine love becomes the most `` fatal '' allurement in `` love the tempter '' .
the survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio .
hal gasped , and he said , `` a divorce '' ? ?
instead , he walked around the temple and mounted still another flight of stairs and stood before the seated fudo at their head .
the newport-based destroyer picket escort kretchmer has arrived back at newport after three months' patrol in north atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore .
he disliked garth on sight , conservative clothes and haircut , smile a shade too earnestly boyish for a man who must be well into his thirties , handclasp too consciously quick and firm .
the practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be abolished .
back in college , today's handsome gander was the only male member of a texas tech class on food .
`` if he would only leave the east '' , said mary .
leave that fool picture out '' , she added sharply .
at first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves .
he was frowning .
a tour of several of them is possible in a two-week vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward .
the london label offers an operatic recital by ettore bastianini , a baritone whose fame is international .
being a woman though , she would take only what she needed from church .
such a move may mean a loss of capital .
work resumed wednesday , he said .
it is not a mess you can make sense of '' .
the outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the bible as the word of god inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our lord jesus christ as the only begotten son of god , son of man by the virgin mary , the saviour of the world .
under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made .
experts in the publishing field consider this astounding .
`` to be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply exhilarating ; ;
are there regular communications from the field , or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with r & d people ? ?
b'dikkat was sterilizing his knives .
mike remained in trance ; ;
finally , as time began to run out , he headed into ormoc and glide-bombed a group of houses that intelligence had thought might contain japanese supplies .
but the south is , and has been for the past century , engaged in a wide-sweeping urbanization which , oddly enough , is not reflected in its literature .
stern-faced , he inspected the prisoners , satisfying himself that they were clean , well fed and comfortable within reason .
tilghman flung himself aside , dropped on one knee and pulled his own gun .
would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this awfulness have a calming , if not exhausting , effect likely to improve his client's chances ? ?
pat meanwhile was bubbling over with sentiment .
the polish song and dance company called mazowsze , after the region of poland , where it has its headquarters , opened a three-week engagement at the city center last night .
rourke was talking on the phone when he came back .
a son , sheldon brooks ; ;
a brown hatching reinforces and broadens shadows , and much of the background is solidly covered with a dark coat .
i start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me .
`` there can be no compromise when souls are in jeopardy '' .
fortunately , a general formula of wide applicability solves all problems of this kind .
it was stopping .
you did this you like to hurt to beat people i want to go home '' .
mr. hearst's telegraphic code word for victor watson was `` fatboy '' .
she smiled slightly .
`` gray eyes is back , , montero said .
the senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the secretary or the president , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an american ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the united nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the president or the secretary at a news conference , a speech by a senator or congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private american interests abroad , et cetera , ad infinitum .
in response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day .
estep v. united states , 327 u.s. 114 '' .
pulling strings
nothing was too impossible for her to do when she wanted .
but the process of refusing to think about it was an active reminder in itself and he couldn't rid himself of a consciousness of it throughout the day .
it is not a question of truth or falsity ; ;
each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never completely fulfilled .
she was not a girl , he could see .
he's informed them of everything you've ever written him .
the man had thrown the left hand over his eyes .
the comprehensive or master processes activate all or some of the elements within the social system and subsystems .
`` being jewish gives you tremendous drive '' , a boy remarked .
it gets so frustrating , but then again i don't know what i could do if i gave up racing '' .
follow the colorful and busy via d. giubbonari for a hundred yards or so .
if tyrosine and a system generating hydrogen peroxide are added to a cell-free homogenate of the thyroid , large quantities of free mono-iodotyrosine can be formed ( alexander , 1959 ) .
while neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a homeowners association and a student council for the hard-hit henry kowalski family , 34220 viceroy .
before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran ! !
but if the old man even thought about his wife now , nobody cared a fig .
but its relentless discursiveness and determined complexity are so overwhelming that after an hour and a half a listener's stamina begins to wilt .
the mazurka choreographed by witold zapala to music from moniuszko's opera , `` strasny dwor' , may be the most beautiful mazurka you are likely ever to see ; ;
`` nothing wrong with me that couldn't be cured '' , nogol said .
for several weeks we eyed one another almost like sparring partners , and then one day uncle was slightly indisposed and stayed home ; ;
theirs is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against fascism .
waking up was horrible .
she locked the ignition , removed the keys , stepped out of the car and went into the house .
the greater the range of choice , the greater the rate of change .
no wonder khrushchev's first message to president kennedy was a wistful desire for the return of the `` good old days '' of roosevelt .
)
walking along the lake before breakfast , mr. podger had seen the feather , and the bird that had lost it in flight .
if clay is slightly out of shape , square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides , or smooth round pieces with damp fingers .
for a resort area , mackinack island , michigan , is the place to visit .
the basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion july 1 , 1961 .
one other paper deals with a phonologic problem : vowel harmony in igbo , by j. carnochan .
these registries are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of military-medical importance .
cta regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and firemen .
the would-be sophisticate and the citybred youth adopt this air without embarrassment .
add things as you find you need 'em '' .
son .
4 .
during the first half of october the blue ridge and other parts of the appalachians provide a spectacle stretching from maryland and west virginia to georgia .
paula says that even though carl's letters usually began , `` dear miss steichen '' , there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife .
casey believed that much .
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development .
it's typical of rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square .
on january 24 paul bang-jensen , accompanied by adolf berle , was met by dragoslav protitch and colonel frank begley , former police chief of farmington , conn. , and now head of u.n. special police .
`` sir , vaughn knows better than to leave the station without a relief .
every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning .
as in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years .
`` certainly , sir '' .
no one had much to say .
funeral services for mrs. kowalski and her daughter , christine , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in st. anne's catholic church , 31978 mound , in warren .
i waited a solid two hours before my man came out of the office building .
if , for instance , such a change is produced by one or a few insulin comas or electroshocks , previously inhibited conditioned reactions reappear .
`` sure .
a woman with a small boy slipped in between them .
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ;
his advisers in the politburo ( white house ) are engaged in a great struggle of opinions , so he is not always consistent .
taurog , potter and chaikoff , 1955 ; ;
it should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of lapsed or nonchurchgoing catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) .
secretary of the treasury douglas dillon owns a prize monet , femmes dans un jardin .
`` the attorney general has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a doorknob for eighteen months '' , hearst said .
-- the fbi yesterday arrested on a perjury charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the `` freedom rider '' bus burning trial four weeks ago .
taylor said mrs. huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 portland robberies in spring of 1959 in which the holdup men bound their victims with tape before fleeing .
`` yes '' .
some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain niceties and flourishes .
there must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity .
on the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in figure 3 .
technically it was fascinating , aurally spell-binding , and dramatically quite realistic .
( see chapter 10 .
he carried it in a little wallet made of fish skin '' .
he scarcely saw them .
not that i intentionally go unperceived , but the boulders up there are very high and i am a small woman .
and she would wink and throw kisses .
you may apply for such an extension by filing form 2688 , application for extension of time to file , with the district director of internal revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter .
to be katharine ross , and work in a nicer shop somewhere , at a little more money so she could have prettier clothes , and learn ladies' manners and all like that , and get to know different people than up to now , not just the ones like her here , with foreign-sounding names , the ones went to the same church and -- different place , different job , different people , she'd be all different too .
scotty's father sat sprawled in his chair , angular , alert as a cricket , looking about at the huge stainless-steel appointments of the room with an expression of proprietorship .
guerrillas were only a dozen yards away , charging the house .
if the railroads , for example , regularly slaughtered 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would excite demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the united states .
he turned to george and lolotte .
while patent suits are still among the most complex and expensive forms of litigation , these rules have saved litigants uncounted sums of money .
and i select this sentence as its pertinent summation : `` in essence the drama of his ( eisenhower's ) presidency can be described as the ordeal of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' .
the responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a va hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital .
